romance Lucy and Desi From director Amy Poehler, Lucy and Desi explores the unlikely partnership and enduring legacy of one of the most prolific power couples in entertainment history. Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz risked everything to be together.
romance I Want You Back Peter (Charlie Day) and Emma (Jenny Slate) thought they were on the precipice of life’s biggest moments – marriage, kids, and houses in the suburbs – until their respective partners dumped them. Horrified to learn that the loves of their lives have already moved on, Peter and Emma hatch a hilarious plan to win back their exes with unexpected results.
romance Forrest Gump The presidencies of Kennedy and Johnson, the events of Vietnam, Watergate, and other history unfold through the perspective of a fictional Alabama man with an IQ of 75.
romance All Roads Lead to Rome Maggie is an uptight, single mother and college writing teacher from New York City. In an effort to reconnect with her troubled teen daughter Summer, she decides to embark on a journey to a Tuscan village that she frequented in her younger days.
romance Gehraiyaan Alisha Khanna, 30, ambitious, now finds herself at a crossroads in life. Her six year long relationship has grown monotonous, her career seems to be going nowhere. But just when she had begun to accept this reality as unchangeable, her life is usurped by the arrival of her cousin, Tia and her fiancé, Zain, with whom she bonds over a troubled past and a common wish to break from its confines.
romance No Such Thing As Loyalty Two men loyalty is tested when a very ungrateful and needy female comes in between their friendship. Will she divide Darnell and James or will their loyalty to each other overcome the dangerous game she playing. With all being said, James didn't make it no easier either.
romance Finding You An unlikely romance is sparked when an aspiring violinist encounters a heartthrob movie star filming his new fantasy-action film in an Irish coastal village.
romance Entanglement A lady with Dissociative Identity Disorder wants husbands inheritance before the side chick gets it.
romance Cashback After a painful breakup, Ben develops insomnia. To kill time, he starts working the late night shift at the local supermarket, where his artistic imagination runs wild.
romance Step Up A troubled guy but a gifted dancer attracts the attention of a talented ballerina at a Maryland school.
romance The Hero World-renowned icon Sam Elliott stars as an aging actor confronting mortality in "The Hero," a beautifully poignant celebration of life and the legacies we leave behind. Also starring Laura Prepon, Nick Offerman, and Krysten Ritter.
romance The Perfect Mate Hope (Brittany Lucio) is a control freak and a perfectionist and nothing would please her more than bringing the perfect Christian future husband home for the weekend to meet her family (Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs, Jackée Harry, K.D. Aubert).
romance White As Snow Claire, a young woman of great beauty, arouses the uncontrollable jealousy of her stepmother Maud, who goes so far as to plan her murder. Rescued at the last moment by a mysterious man who takes her in on his farm, Claire decides to remain in the village, a decision that will awaken the emotions of its inhabitants. One, two, and soon seven men will fall under her spell!
romance This Means War HD. Two CIA agents vie for the affections of an unwitting Reese Witherspoon in this riotous action-romance.
romance TIME IS UP An accident will force Vivien and Roy to come to a stop and reclaim their lives, one minute at a time, and finally start living in a present that perhaps will prove to be more exciting than any predefined.
romance Words and Pictures Prep school English teacher Jack Marcus meets his match in Dina Delsanto - an abstract painter, and new teacher on campus - and challenges her to a war between words and pIctures..and, in the process, sparks an unlikely romance.
romance Playa's Ball Cedric Tinsel (Allen Payne) is a 27-year-old professional basketball player. He is on a verge of signing a lucrative endorsement contract and proposing to his girlfriend Jill Hamlin (Chelsi Smith).
romance More Sex and The Single Mom Single, divorced lawyer Jess Gradwell returns in this sequal as she tries to raise her new three-year-old son, Jake, while dealing with her teenage daughter, Sara's, growing carnal desires with a photographer she meets while planning her high school graduation.
romance A Frosty Affair In this romantic comedy, a small-town teacher is on her way to the city for her wedding when a blizzard strikes and she is snowed in. An unlikely adventure with a lumberjack leaves her questioning her future wedding plans.
romance The Princess and The Marine Based on a true story about the forbidden love between Jason Johnson, a U.S. Marine, and Meriam Al-Khalifa, a Bahraini Princess.
romance Dear Viola Katie Miner, a shy accountant at a newspaper, begins penning the advice column "Dear Viola". In the mountain of letters, Katie finds one from Russ, a widower who can't seem to get past the loss of his wife. Through correspondence, Katie falls for Russ, but when he starts dating the knockout new girl in town at "Viola's" advice, Katie has to decide if she should keep her "Viola" secret.
romance The Greatest Three months after Allen and Grace Brewer's son died in a car accident, Rose shows up on their doorstep, pregnant with his child. At first her arrival divides their already troubled marriage, but as they accept their grief, Rose and her baby may just bring them back together.
romance The Two Faces of January This thriller follows Chester MacFarland (Viggo Mortensen) and his wife Colette (Kirsten Dunst) as they befriend a guide (Oscar Isaac) on a European trip. This friendship takes a turn when it morphs into a love triangle full of envy, and murder.
romance Amazed by You When a "City Slicker" Christian Andrews (Aaron Mees, Christmas in the Pines) is thrown into a Cowboy World filled with five sisters, two bullies, a whole lot of cattle, one grungy dog, and a woman who runs it all... only his Faith will guide him through it. You'll be amazed by this charming story that celebrates life after loss.
romance Brothers HD. The wife of a soldier who is reported missing and presumed dead in Afghanistan develops a close relationship to his ne'er-do-well brother.
romance Love In Translation Linguistics Ph.D. student Julie can speak almost every language and when Dan, the handsome curator at the museum Julie dreams of working at, contacts her about French classes, sparks fly. TV-G
romance Runaway Bride Julia Roberts plays small-town girl whose marches down the aisle become a series of near Mrs. when she bolts before saying "I do."
romance A Marriage of Convenience Successful businesswoman Chris Winslow gives up her career to raises her deceased sister's son. Eight years later the boy's father who was unaware of his son's existence arrives. They decide to enter into a marriage of convenience in order to not upset the child, though they soon find, that they may just be in love after all.
romance Very Good Girls Best friends Lily (Dakota Fanning) and Gerry (Elizabeth Olsen), home for one last New York summer, make a pact to lose their virginity before leaving for college. But when they both fall for the same handsome artist (Boyd Holbrook) and Lily starts seeing him in secret, a lifelong friendship is tested.
romance The Map of Tiny Perfect Things Quick-witted teen Mark (Kyle Allen) is contentedly living the same day in an endless loop when his world is turned upside-down by the mysterious Margaret (Kathryn Newton), also stuck in the same loop. What follows is a love story with a fantastical twist, as the two struggle to figure out how – and whether – to escape their never-ending day.
romance Farm to Fork to Love Focused chef, ALICE (Meggan Kaiser), works at one of the top restaurants in New York. After a disastrous night serving a food critic, she receives an invitation to judge the notorious food competition in honor of the annual fundraiser for the St. Andrew's Children's Hospital. Alice decides to go, and among the judges is the handsome chef CHRISTIAN (Scot cooper), who attended school with Alice.
romance Brittany Runs A Marathon Hilarious and outgoing, Brittany Forgler, is everybody’s best friend ― except her own. Her partying, underemployment and toxic relationships are catching up with her. Too broke for a gym and too proud to ask for help, Brit is at a loss, until her neighbor pushes her to run one sweaty block. Soon, she sets an almost unthinkable goal: the New York City Marathon.
romance About Hope Thomas McKenzie has been searching for the perfect girl his whole life. When he meets two women who pique his interest he learns that the love we are searching for is not always the true love that makes us whole.
romance Things You Can Tell Just By Looking At Her Set in Los Angeles, tells five loosely related stories about the loves and losses in the lives of five women.
romance (500) Days Of Summer An offbeat romantic comedy about a woman who doesn't believe true love exists, and the young man who falls for her.
romance The Gift of Grace A sensible god-fearing family man risks it all when he indulges in an affair that could cost him and his family everything.
romance A Winter Romance When librarian TAYLOR HARRIS suddenly loses her job, she moves back to her small hometown in Montana. There, she gets involved in the fight to help save her brother’s hotel from tycoon JOEL SHEENAN. But things become complicated when she ends up falling for Joel.
romance Ladies in Lavender Aging spinster sisters Ursula (Judi Dench) and Janet (Maggie Smith) discover a young man (Daniel Brühl) near death on the beach by their home in a small Cornish fishing village. Taking him in, they discover that he is Andrea, a violinist from Krakow, Poland, who had been swept off an ocean liner on which he was sailing to a fresh start in America.
romance The Love Punch Set in the French Riviera, The Love Punch brings together Pierce Brosnan and Emma Thompson in a feel good romantic comedy about an estranged couple who, after having their pension stolen by a crooked businessman, must reunite to steal it back.
romance Sold Out "Sold Out" is a music-based drama about a female talent scout who takes a down-on-his-luck construction worker under her wing and helps him rise to his potential as a singer/songwriter.
romance Sweet Land When Lars' grandmother Inge dies in 2004, he is faced with a decision -- sell the family farm on which she lived since 1920, or cling to the legacy of the land. Seeking advice, he turns to the memory of Inge and the stories she had passed on to him.
romance The Last Days of Capitalism A man and woman begin a complex affair over 72 hours in a Las Vegas penthouse.
romance Who You Think I Am Ghosted by her hunky twenty something lover, Claire, a middle-aged professor and divorced single mom, creates a fake Facebook profile to do a little undetected online snooping. But when her 24-year-old avatar "Clara" is friended by her ex's equally attractive roommate, superficial correspondence quickly escalates towards intense intimacy and uncontrolled obsession.
romance Crazy Heart Bad Blake is a boozy, broken-down singer reaching for salvation with the help of Jean, a journalist who discovers the real man behind the music.
romance Two Night Stand A no-strings-attached, online hook-up turns into a morning after disaster for twenty-something New Yorkers Alec (Miles Teller) and Megan (Analeigh Tipton). When a paralyzing blizzard hits the city, trapping them in Alec's cramped Brooklyn apartment, they are forced to get to know each other far beyond the confines of a typical one-night stand.
romance Cooley High Set in 1964 Chicago, "Cooley High" is a slice-of-life tale of two high school students--best friends--coping with the challenges of everyday life and growing up in the shadows of the housing projects. Glynn Turman and Laurence-Hilton Jacobs star.
romance I'll See You in My Dreams When Carol (Blythe Danner) seeks out new experiences with the help of friends (June Squibb, Rhea Perlman and Mary Kay Place), she unexpectedly finds romance (Sam Elliot).
romance The Big Sick The Big Sick is based on the real-life courtship between Pakistan-born comedian Kumail Nanjiani (Nanjiani) and grad student Emily Gordon (Zoe Kazan) who fall in love but struggle as their cultures clash. When Emily contracts a mysterious illness, Kumail finds himself forced to face her feisty parents, his family’s expectations, and his true feelings.
romance Love Type D A Woman who's been dumped 12 times in a row, is diagnosed with a "loser in love" gene, which predisposes her to chronic failure and rejection for the rest of her life. Unwilling to accept her fate, she embarks on a quest to change her romantic future.
romance You Cast A Spell On Me Meeting at a Halloween party, Matt and Sara have an instant connection, but they agree to not exchange numbers. What they don't realize is that by meeting, they've set in motion events that will change both their lives in magical ways.
romance My Best Friend's Bouquet When Josie accidentally catches a wedding bouquet before her engaged friend, she is reminded of a family myth that could jeopardize her friends happiness. Stars Chaley Rose and Nathan Witte.
romance The Matchmaker A mother plays the role of a matchmaker at her 50th birthday celebration to her son and his ex-girlfriend. All hell breaks loose when her son brings his unexpected new fiancé to the party.
romance Runaway Romance A reality TV star leaves Hollywood and finds herself in Amish country where she must decide between staying in her newfound reality or returning to her old one.
romance Avanti! An uptight, middle-aged, married American journeys to Italy to claim the remains of his father, who was killed in an automobile accident. He learns that the old gent didn't die alone   his English mistress was with him. And, apparently, the couple had been carrying on every summer for over ten years! Based on the play by Samuel Taylor.
romance Dirty Dancing 2: Havana Nights It's 1958 when the Miller family moves to Havana, where 18-year-old Katy's (Romola Garai) parents expect her to be the belle of the high-society ball. Instead, she falls for Xavier (Diego Luna), a waiter who teaches her how to dance and partners with her for an upcoming contest. But Fidel Castro's rise to power forces Americans to depart, putting Katy and Xavier's relationship in jeopardy.
romance The Student Prince Seconded to the Royal Protection Squad, police officer Barry Grimes is dispatched to look after a young British Prince starting his first year at Cambridge University. Barry soon finds his duties extending far beyond those of personal bodyguard. Against the famous backdrop of the dreaming spires, the two young men learn about life, love and themselves.
romance Unfinished Sky Honest Australian Outback sheep-farmer leads an isolated life. Suddenly an exotic women turns up at night, armed and frightened out of her wits. He takes her in, grumpily. Gradually he finds out she's an Afghan refugee, looking for other illegally emigrated relatives. He tries to help her quest, but they soon experience the human traffickers are on her track, and better connected then he guesses.
romance The Handmaiden (4K UHD) From PARK Chan-wook, the celebrated director of OLDBOY, LADY VENGEANCE and STOKER, comes a ravishing new crime drama. PARK presents a gripping and sensual tale of two women - a young Japanese Lady living on a secluded estate, and a Korean woman who is hired to serve as her new handmaiden, but is secretly plotting with a conman to defraud her of a large inheritance.
romance My Normal The story of Natalie, a young lesbian from the Lower East Side, who's struggling to find a balance between her dreams of becoming a filmmaker and her lifestyle as a dominatrix.
romance 200 Pounds Beauty After a drastic "head-to-toe" plastic surgery, Han-na, an overweight back-up singer, goes from shy duckling to full-on pop diva in this acclaimed Korean comedy. When Han-na finally gets the spotlight she always wanted, she realizes that fame wasn't what she thought it would be.
romance The Gigolo The life of a Hong Kong gigolo named Fung, who started with nothing and now has everything.
romance A Royal Christmas Engagement Lauren, a hard-working advertising executive, begins to fall for Paul, a consultant she has been paired with to land a big account for the upcoming holiday season. Unbeknownst to Lauren and everyone else, Paul is actually Prince Edward Charles, European royalty in disguise as a commoner.
romance Runnin' From My Roots Following a devastating breakup with her fiancé, Grammy Award-winning Nashville Country star Faith Winters escapes to her rural Smithville hometown, where she rediscovers feelings for her high school sweetheart turned local Pastor, and must balance these unexpected emotions with the career she left behind in Nashville, and the disruption her return brings to her small town.
romance 5:55 (five fifty five) The hardest part for Oma and Dayo is not realizing they are in toxic relationships. With the help of Dr Pat they are able to let go of their toxic past.
romance In Dubious Battle An activist gets caught up in the labor movement for farm workers in California during the 1930s.
romance The Aeronauts In 1862, daredevil balloon pilot Amelia Wren (Felicity Jones) teams up with pioneering meteorologist James Glaisher (Eddie Redmayne) to advance human knowledge of the weather and fly higher than anyone in history.
romance Janosik The story of Janosik, a legendary "Central European Robin Hood", based on real XVIII century documents and a romantic legend. Young Janosik, burnt out by war experiences and disappointment in love, joins a team of brigands. Soon after he becomes the troop's leader and is recognized as a brave and honorable commander, he never kills anyone he robs.
romance I Could Never Be Your Woman A mother falls for a younger man while her daughter falls in love for the first time. Mother Nature messes with their fates.
romance A Rainy Day in New York Woody Allen returns to the romantic fields of previous hits Vicky Cristina Barcelona and Midnight in Paris, assembling an all-star cast including Timothée Chalamet, Elle Fanning, Selena Gomez, Jude Law, Diego Luna and Liev Schreiber, for a charming, comedic tale set amidst the dizzying streets of The Big Apple, as romantic weekend plans are soon dashed as quickly as the sunlight turns to showers.
romance Words On Bathroom Walls Diagnosed with a mental illness, a witty, introspective teen falls in love with a brilliant classmate who inspires him to open his heart and not be defined by his condition.
romance 10 Things We Should Do Before We Break Up Sparks fly when a self-sufficient single mom meets a magnetic perennial bachelor. On their first date, they collaborate--in jest--on the ultimate un-bucket list: ten things to do together before they break up. But when fate intervenes, this pair of cynics must embark on the most challenging journey of all, building a family together, and the chance to trade their cynicism for hope.
romance Across The Line While investigating brutal killings on the border, a Texas sheriff uncovers corruption, dark secrets, and a mysterious, beautiful witness.
romance The Ultimate Gift A deceased billionaire leaves his spoiled adult grandson a series of odd tasks to perform in order to receive "the ultimate gift," with the resentful grandson having no idea what that might be.
romance Looks That Kill The story of a teenage boy who deals with the ups and downs of being lethally attractive. Starring Brandon Flynn, Julia Goldani, and Ki Hong Lee.
romance Along Came Jones Gary Cooper (1952's "High Noon") gives a marvelous, tongue-in-cheek performance as a fumble-fingered cowpoke who is mistaken for a notorious bandit and almost gets killed by both sides of the law   all while managing to capture the attention of Loretta Young. William Demarest co-stars as Cooper's trusty sidekick and Dan Duryea plays the villainous Monte Jarred for whom Cooper is mistaken.
romance Sylvie's Love When a young woman meets an aspiring saxophonist in her father’s record shop in 1950s Harlem, their love ignites a sweeping romance that transcends changing times, geography, and professional success.
romance The Light Touch Sexy puckish pickpocket Becky, a Bugs Bunny of a girl, is teasing a wallet out of a purse on a crowded Athens metro when she notices Miranda, falls in love, and the chase is on. Oops, Becky picks the pocket of a policeman on vacation, her Elmer Fudd, and he's obsessed with catching her.
romance 2's A Couple, 3's A Crowd A young Atlanta couple has lost their fight for their marriage and have decided to move on. Kevin, the devoted husband, decides to fight for the relationship after the split until he meets the new girl at the office. Tables are then turned. Throughout this entanglement friends and colleagues interject their two cents into this former happy couple's lives.
romance Alienated A struggling scientist has a UFO encounter that turns his world upside down. Fate guides him to meet a quirky female artist and he begins to fall in love, never suspecting she's the alien from the UFO.
romance Last Chance Café After uncovering evidence that her stepfather was murdered by a ring of corrupt cops and judges, including her DA ex-husband, a woman is forced to flee with her daughter and hide in a small farming town, where she falls for a local ranch owner but danger soon follows.
romance Friends Family & Lovers Dushon is down on his luck and is always bailing out his cousin, Kenneth, who has serious baby momma drama. He is also always covering for his best friend James, who is an arrogant, successful music producer that constantly cheats on his wife. Everything changes when the beautiful songstress next door, Jasmine, moves into town.
romance A Thousand Years of Good Prayers A woman in her early 40s moves from China to America to start a new life.  Her father comes to visit her because of her recent divorce.  Their social and generational conflicts reveal the darker lies and cover-ups within her family during the Cultural Revolution.
romance Eternity Struggling to get pregnant, Ariana Mitchell feels like she is disappointing her husband, Thomas Mitchell. One night the unexpected happens and it puts Ariana in a coma. As Thomas prays for her Ariana begins to have memories of her childhood, her mother, and her best friend. Eternity, is a life and death tale that examines God and our relationship with Him through our best and darkest times.
romance Come As You Are Three young men with disabilities (Grant Rosenmeyer, Hayden Szeto, and Ravi Patel) flee their overbearing parents on a road trip to a brothel in Montreal catering to people with special needs. Sam (Gabourey Sidibe), a traveling nurse, drives the three guys across the border as they go on this trip to lose their virginity and embrace their independence.
romance Boxing Day Melvin, a British author living in America, returns home to London for the holidays to introduce his American fiance (Lisa) to his eccentric British-Caribbean family. Their relationship is put to the test, as she discovers the world her fiance left behind revolves around his ex-girlfriend (Georgia),who is now an international pop star!
romance Loco Love After losing his restaurant to his ex-wife, Donald's gardener wins the lottery & offers him a new restaurant if he agrees to marry his beautiful, but crazy sister so she can get a green card.
romance Something Wild (1986) A budding yuppie business executive in New York City gets picked up by a sexy, wacked out woman. They spend a wild weekend together. She cons him into posing as her husband. They visit her mom, attend her high school reunion, and have a violent run-in with her ex-husb- band, a psycho con just out of jail.
romance The American Paris, the 1870s. A wealthy young American, Newman, arrives in Paris looking for a wife and a cultural education. He falls in love with Claire, the daughter of a formidable French family from the ancient regime. The war of class and money begins.
romance Charade Before discovering her husband has been murdered in Paris, Regina Lampert (Audrey Hepburn) falls for the charming Peter Joshua (Cary Grant). Regina and Peter will have to give chase to three men who are after the money they all stole during World War II. But is Peter the man he claims to be? From British Pathé TV's Classic Movie Collection.
romance Violets Are Blue Two former high school sweet-hearts (Sissy Spacek and Kevin Kline) are reunited after fifteen years and discover they are still in love.
romance Kings Go Forth In this riveting war-time drama that packs plenty of explosive excitement and fervent passion, Frank Sinatra and Tony Curtis battle their own prejudices after learning the woman (Natalie Wood) they both love is not exactly who she appears to be.
romance Cliffs of Freedom An ill-fated romance between a young Greek village girl and a conflicted Turkish officer during the dawn of the Greek War for Independence against the Ottoman Empire in 1821. When she becomes a local war hero and he is tasked with her capture, their encounters inevitably lead to a confrontation during a pivotal battle between the Greeks and Turks that will change the course of history.
romance My Man Godfrey Nominated for 4 Academy Awards! A wealthy New York family in the 1930's brings in a destitute and "Forgotten Man" as their butler.  Expertly restored original black and white.
romance I'm With Lucy A woman experiences five blind dates in one year, but only one of them is "Mr. Right".
romance Two If By Sea A couple steals a Matisse painting on contract. They manage to escape the police. The sale takes place 4 days later on an island. Things don't go as planned.
romance Wedding Swingers Alan, a successful TV producer, invites his old college friends to his wedding and reunion weekend in Palm Springs. Among the guests is his old college crush, Laura. The weekend starts innocently enough, but long-held secrets and buried passions are exposed when Alan and Laura get lost in the desert, and the other guests are left to themselves. Chaos, laughs and surprises ensue.
romance Christmas Together A woman leaves New York for LA after a break-up and falls in love while renting the guest house of a young father over the Christmas holidays.
romance A Match Made At Christmas Romantic, small-town girl Holly, and realist, career-driven, Chris aren't a likely pair, but when 'matched' together by Holly's all-knowing great-aunt, they don't seem to have much of a choice.
romance Complete Strangers A recovering alcoholic returns to his hometown after a hiatus, and falls in love with a man who will turn his world upside down.
romance Scarlet The story of a hardworking, loving and devoted wife, mother of an autistic child who discovered her husband was having an affair with her sister
action The Protégé Michael Keaton, Maggie Q, and Samuel L. Jackson lead this high-octane action-thriller from the director of Casino Royale about a contract killer out to avenge her mentor's murder.
action The Tomorrow War Time travelers arrive from 2051 to deliver an urgent message: 30 years in the future mankind is losing a war against a deadly alien species. The only hope for survival is for soldiers and civilians to be transported to the future and join the fight. Determined to save the world for his daughter, Dan Forester teams up with a brilliant scientist and his estranged father to rewrite the planet’s fate.
action The Protégé (4K UHD) Michael Keaton, Maggie Q, and Samuel L. Jackson lead this high-octane action-thriller from the director of Casino Royale about a contract killer out to avenge her mentor's murder.
action Gone in Sixty Seconds A retired master car thief must return to the industry and steal fifty cars with his crew in a single night to save his brother's life.
action Tom Clancy's Without Remorse Amazon Original Movie - An elite Navy SEAL (Michael B. Jordan) uncovers an international conspiracy while seeking justice for the murder of his pregnant wife in Without Remorse, the explosive origin story of action hero John Clark – one of the most popular characters in author Tom Clancy’s Jack Ryan universe.
action Reign Of Fire When workers in a London tunneling project awaken an unearthly fire-breathing beast from centuries of slumber, all hell breaks loose.
action Daughter of the Wolf Ex-military specialist Clair Hamilton returns home from her tour in the Middle East due to her father's passing and to claim her inheritance. Her son is then kidnapped and held for ransom by a gang led by a mysterious figure known only as "Father".
action Unhinged Academy Award©️ winner, Russell Crowe, stars in Unhinged, an edge-of-your-seat thriller about something we have all experienced – road rage.
action Honest Thief Wanting to lead an honest life, a notorious bank robber (Liam Neeson) turns himself in, only to be double-crossed by two ruthless FBI agents.
action The Rock A mild-mannered chemist and an ex-con must lead the counterstrike when a rogue group of military men threaten a nerve gas attack from Alcatraz against San Francisco.
action Interview with a Hitman Silent. Relentless. No attachments. This is Viktor's code. The mantra that took him from the slums of Romania to the pinnacle of his profession - as a killer. Viktor knows the value of life more than most, which makes him the perfect killer. But after a ruthless betrayal by his bosses, he escapes to London, joins a new "family" and finds himself caught in a vicious underworld power struggle.
action Saving Private Ryan Based on a World War II drama. US soldiers try to save their comrade, paratrooper Private Ryan, who's stationed behind enemy lines.
action Killers Spencer Aimes (Ashton Kutcher) is just your average, undercover, government-hired super-assassin. When he meets Jen Kornfeldt (Katherine Heigl), he finds true love... Enjoying a picture-perfect marriage, Spencer becomes the target of a multi-million dollar hit. Now Spencer and Jen are on the run for their lives.
action Turistas (Unrated) HD. An exotic Brazilian getaway turns into Destination: Terror for a group of young people in this unnerving horror flick.
action Deja Vu After a ferry is bombed in New Orleans, an ATF agent joins a unique investigation using experimental surveillance technology to find the bomber - but finds himself becoming obsessed with one of the victims. Denzel Washington stars.
action The Silencing A reformed hunter (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau) and a sheriff (Annabelle Wallis) are caught in a deadly game of cat and mouse when they set out to track a killer who may have kidnapped the hunter's daughter five years ago.
action King Arthur Arthur and his knights embark on a rescue mission.
action Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles When NY City is in trouble, it’s up to the four ninja-fighting, pizza-loving brothers to save it. Aided by determined reporter April O’Neil and their wise master Splinter, these unlikely heroes must face their ultimate nemesis - the evil Shredder.
action Kung Fu Yoga Jack, a world-renowned archaeology professor, and his team are on a grand quest to locate a lost ancient Indian treasure when they are ambushed by a team of mercenaries and left for dead. Using his vast knowledge of history and kung fu, Jack leads his team on a race around the world to beat the mercenaries to the treasure and save an ancient culture.
action Chronicle HD. Three high-school teens record themselves in the wake of gaining super-human telekinetic powers from a mysterious rock.
action Shockwave: Countdown to Disaster When massive volcanic storms begin to spew from the Earth, geophysicist Kate Ferris tries to convince the Department of Defense that this is no natural phenomenon. They’re the result of a seismic super weapon and the shockwaves it sends out will destroy major cities across the globe, killing millions.
action Live Free or Die Hard John McClane and a hacker join forces.
action Monsters vs. Aliens The world's most unlikely heroes are on a mission to save the Earth in DreamWorks Animation's MONSTERS VS. ALIENS -- "The Year's Funniest Comedy" (Pete Hammond - Hollywood.com). When aliens attack, this rag-tag group of monsters joins forces to fight back. With an all-star cast and amazing animation, this ginormous adventure is "A Monstrously Good Time For All!" (Bill Bregoli, CBS).
action Jolt A bouncer with a slightly murderous anger-management problem that she controls with the help of an electrode-lined vest she uses to shock herself back to normalcy whenever she gets homicidal. After the first guy she's ever fallen for is murdered, she goes on a revenge-fueled rampage to find the killer while the cops pursue her as their chief suspect.
action Wander Tommy Lee Jones and Aaron Eckhart star in the edge-of-your-seat thriller about a detective with a traumatic past who investigates a suspicious death in the town of Wander, Texas.
action The Courier (2021) Benedict Cumberbatch (DOCTOR STRANGE) and Rachel Brosnahan (“The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”) star in this true-life Cold War spy thriller about British businessman Greville Wynne, who must form an alliance with a Soviet spy to prevent a nuclear confrontation.
action Boondock Saints In Troy Duffy's cult classic, two Irish Catholic brothers become vigilantes and wipe out Boston's criminal underworld in the name of God.
action Walking Tall: The Payback When Nick (Kevin Sorbo) returns to his hometown after his father's suspicious death, he discovers that a violent gang has taken over the quiet town. And it’ll be up to him to take it back...even if it means taking justice into his own hands!
action Cats Blanket (Dermot Mulroney) is an indoor cat who is too afraid to leave his apartment. But when his adventurous son, Cape, sets out to find a legendary cat paradise, Blanket must overcome his own fears and embark on the wildest ride of his life.
action Escape Plan: The Extractors In this explosive action saga, Sylvester Stallone, Curtis Jackson, and Dave Bautista play security experts who fight to rescue Breslin's girlfriend and a tech mogul's daughter from a formidable prison known as Devil's Station.
action The A-Team Framed to take the fall for a heinous crime, an elite operative (Liam Neeson) and his men go rogue, using their special talents to clear their names and find the real perpetrator.
action A Fistful of Dollars The laconic "man with no name" - a tough gunslinger - manipulates rival families warring over a small frontier town. Stylish, violent film was the first spaghetti western hit and made Clint Eastwood a star.
action My Spy My Spy follows JJ, a hardened CIA operative (Dave Bautista), who has been demoted and finds himself at the mercy of a precocious 9-year old girl named Sophie (Chloe Coleman) after he is sent undercover to surveil her family. In exchange for not blowing JJ’s cover, Sophie uses her charm and wit to convince him to spend time with her and teach her to be a spy.
action The Bourne Ultimatum Matt Damon returns as highly trained assassin Jason Bourne, who is on the hunt for the agents who stole his memory and true identity. With a new generation of skilled CIA operatives tracking his every move, Bourne is in a non-stop race around the globe as he finally learns the truth behind his mysterious past.
action Night Hunter The hunt is on as a detective races against time to stay one step ahead of an arrested serial killer masterminding deadly attacks from behind bars. Henry Cavill and Ben Kingsley star in this action-packed thriller will shock you at every turn.
action Mission: Impossible IV - Ghost Protocol The IMF is shut down when it's implicated in the bombing of the Kremlin, causing Ethan Hunt and his new team to go rogue to clear their organization's name.
action Sniper: Ultimate Kill For the first time, Brandon Beckett, Richard Miller and Sgt. Thomas Beckett join forces in Colombia to take down a brutal drug cartel.
action This Means War HD. Two CIA agents vie for the affections of an unwitting Reese Witherspoon in this riotous action-romance.
action American Renegades A team of Navy SEALs is hired to salvage Nazi gold stored in a bank vault in a submerged town at the bottom of a Bosnian lake.
action The A-Team (Extended Cut) FRAMED FOR STEALING COUNTERFEIT CURRENCY PLATES FROM SADDAM HUSSEIN, THE MEMBERS OF AN ELITE ARMY SPECIAL OPS TEAM ESCAPE FROM PRISON TO PROVE THEIR INNOCENCE BY TAKING DOWN THE GENERAL AND CIA AGENT WHO FRAMED THEM.
action The Parts You Lose Wesley, a young deaf boy, discovers an injured fugitive (Aaron Paul) and secretly helps him recover. Wesley's bond with the man grows that ultimately tests his understanding of right and wrong as the police inch closer and closer.
action The Informer An ex-convict working undercover intentionally gets himself incarcerated again in order to infiltrate the mob at a maximum security prison.
action Apocalypto As the Mayan kingdom faces its decline, a young man is taken on a perilous journey to a world ruled by fear and oppression.
action Jungle Run A search for their missing father turns deadly when sibling adventurers find themselves viciously attacked by jungle animals. But as they fight back against the relentless onslaught they start to realize something much more sinister may be behind the attacks.
action The Lost City of Z The Lost City of Z tells the incredible true story of British explorer Percy Fawcett, who journeys into the Amazon at the dawn of the 20th century and discovers evidence of a previously unknown, advanced civilization that may have once inhabited the region.
action Force of Nature In this thunderous action-thriller, Mel Gibson, Emile Hirsch, and Kate Bosworth join forces to battle a deadly gang of thieves as a brutal hurricane engulfs the city.
action Expatriot CIA analyst Riley Quinn lost everything when she blew the whistle on the US government. Hunted into exile, she escaped to Colombia. Two years later, Riley is living a loner lifestyle when suddenly CIA Agent Bill Donovan shows up with an offer. Her name will be cleared if she helps an international task force confiscate millions.
action Die Hard: With a Vengeance A German terrorist plans to rob the Federal Reserve.
action The Hornet's Nest The Hornet's Nest is a groundbreaking and immersive feature film, using unprecedented real footage to tell the story of an elite group of US troops sent on a dangerous mission deep inside one of Afghanistan's most hostile valleys. What was planned as a single day strike turned into nine intense days of combat against an invisible, hostile enemy in terrain where troops had never dared go before.
action Hakaider: The Extended Director's Cut (Original Japanese Version) The darkest force of destruction is now the only hope for salvation! In the far future, peace and violence walk hand as a robot once pent on destruction becomes humanity's only hope for survival.
action Jamesy Boy Rage-filled teenager James is never one to back down from a fight.  He jumps at the chance to run drugs and guns for a gang and quickly ends up behind bars.  He turns his life around in prison thanks to the unexpected friendship he forms with a convicted murderer.
action Jungle A group of friends join a guide for a trek into the Bolivian jungle, searching for an Indian village. The men soon realize that the jungle is a difficult place to be.
action Die Hard John McClane, officer of the NYPD, tries to save his wife.
action Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem Residents of a Colorado town become caught up in a longstanding war between two deadly alien races.
action The Sorcerer and the White Snake Jet Li stars as a sorcerer monk in this epic special effects fantasy film based on a Chinese legend.
action The Mongolian Connection Working undercover on a human trafficking bust, FBI agent Wade Dalton must team up with a hard-boiled police detective to deliver a mysterious operative to testify against a crime syndicate that will do anything to stop them
action Enhanced A young woman with enhanced abilities finds herself hunted down by a sinister government organization. But when an even stronger enhanced serial killer emerges on the scene, agents and mutants are forced to question their allegiances.
action Goldeneye Bond is thrown right into the action before the title song with an eye-opening cliff dive onto a plane. Sporting his signature debonair attitude and pricey gadgets, Bond investigates the destruction of a Russian satellite base.
action Mission: Impossible II The world’s greatest spy, Ethan Hunt, returns and partners up with the beautiful Nyah Hall to stop renegade agent Sean Ambrose from releasing a new kind of terror on an unsuspecting world.
action Valkyrie The true story of a plot masterminded by German army officers to assassinate Adolph Hitler - with a bomb - and take over the government during World War II. With Bill Nighy, directed by Bryan Singer (X-Men).
action The Baytown Outlaws After her ex-husband Carlos shoots Celeste three times in the gut and kidnaps her godson, it's time to play dirty. She hires three outlawed and redneck brothers to bring him back to her.
action Shaolin After ambushing and killing his rival, losing everything in the process, dispirited warlord Hou Jie turns to a Shaolin monastery seeking salvation.
action Beyond the Law Steven Seagal, DMX & Johnny Messner star in this action-packed thriller about one man's quest for justice. When a former detective learns of the murder of his son, he must take on the ruthless local mob in his mission for revenge.
action Once Upon a Time in London The violent reign of two of London's most notorious gangsters, Jack 'Spot' Comer and Billy Hill, is grippingly brought to the big screen by visionary director Simon Rumley, in a saga of madness, mayhem and manipulation, reminiscent of British favourites Legend and Peaky Blinders. Starring Leo Gregory (Green Street), Terry Stone (Rise of the Footsoldier) and Jamie Foreman (Layer Cake).
action A Frosty Affair In this romantic comedy, a small-town teacher is on her way to the city for her wedding when a blizzard strikes and she is snowed in. An unlikely adventure with a lumberjack leaves her questioning her future wedding plans.
action Mission: Impossible III (4K UHD) Ethan Hunt hurdles into spectacular new adventures from Rome to Shanghai as he races to rescue a captured agent and stop Davian from eliminating his next target: Ethan’s wife.
action Breach Bruce Willis stars in the action-packed, Sci-fi thriller. Fleeing a devastating plague on Earth, an interstellar ark comes under attack from new threat; a shape-shifting alien force intent on slaughtering what is left of humanity.
action The Missing In 1885, a woman must join forces with her estranged father to rescue her kidnapped daughter.
action Mortal In this spellbinding thriller, a psychologist puts her life in danger when she finds herself drawn to a mysterious murder suspect who claims to possess godlike powers.
action Iron Sky: The Coming Race The truth behind the creation of mankind will be revealed when an old enemy leads our heroes on an adventure into the Hollow Earth. To save humanity they must fight an ancient shapeshifting reptilian race and their army of dinosaurs.
action The Protectors After finding out the truth about his alien ancestry, the world's first superhero joins forces with a group of local vigilantes, leading them in a fight against a secret society's plans to enact a new world order.
action No Tears for the Dead Abandoned by his mother shortly after immigrating to America, Gon is raised by the mafia and grows up to become a cold-blooded hitman. While on a job, Gon makes the mistake of killing an innocent young girl. Guilt takes over his life and things become worse when his boss orders him to kill the young girl's mother, whom he falls in love with. Korean Language film with English subtitles.
action A Vigilante After escaping her dangerous husband, a woman (Olivia Wilde) turns avenger to help victims of domestic abuse in this electrifying, fight-packed action-thriller.
action FLU A deadly virus is unleashed on an unsuspecting public. A human trafficker covered in oozing red rashes and coughing up blood dies at a hospital. Within hours, the virus spreads all over the city and death goes viral as the body count rapidly rises. In the city, no one gets in, no one gets out, and everything begins to spiral out of control! Korean Language film with English subtitles.
action No Way Out A taut suspense thriller set within the protected inner reaches of the Pentagon.  A beautiful woman is brutally murdered, and the secretary of defense brings in a young naval commander to find the killer.  The secretary doesn't know that the girl and the commander were in love, but the commander knows that the secretary killed her!
action The Girl Who Played With Fire In the second installment of Stieg Larsson's phenomenal "Millennium" trilogy, Lisbeth Salander goes on the run after being accused of three murders. It’s up to journalist Mikael Blomkvist to investigate and clear her name.
action Lady Lawman The true story of Francis Miller, the first deputy marshal in the Old West.  Hoping to find the killer of her husband, Miller must prove she can hold her own with the men in the posse hunting down a vicious outlaw.
action Special Forces A French journalist in Afghanistan is kidnapped by the Taliban.
action Vehicle 19 A paroled man picks up the wrong rental vehicle and quickly realizes that he is the target of an entire police force. The cops will do anything to stop the corruption testimony of a woman he discovered tied-up in the vehicle's trunk.
action Kill Zone 2 In this frenetic follow-up to modern martial arts epic, Kill Zone, action icons Tony Jaa and Wu Jing team up with Hong Kong megastars Simon Yam and Louis Koo for a breakneck story of dirty cops, prison riots, and black market organ transplants, all brought together by a non-stop series of inventive, bone-crunching set pieces.
action Mission: Impossible Ethan Hunt, a secret agent, is framed for the deaths of his espionage team and attempts to flee government assassins after him. He races against the clock in order to discover the truth.
action First Shot The President of the United States is shot in a remote location and cannot be moved.  Our secret service woman must protect him while trying to discover who did it.
action Brothers HD. The wife of a soldier who is reported missing and presumed dead in Afghanistan develops a close relationship to his ne'er-do-well brother.
action Puss in Boots You loved him in Shrek...now see where the one-and-only swashbuckling feline found his fame - and a very big pair of boots - in the "hilariously funny" (Associated Press) animated epic!  Here's the true story of The Cat, The Myth, The Legend - Puss In Boots!
action 47 Meters Down: Uncaged Four teen girls diving in a ruined underwater city quickly learn they've entered the territory of the deadliest shark species in the claustrophobic labyrinth of submerged caves.
action Pushpa: The Rise (Hindi) Pushpa Raj (Allu Arjun) a coolie, volunteers to smuggle red sanders, a rare wood that only grows in Andhra, with the help of novel ideas to smuggle the red sanders. Pushpa quickly becomes leader of red sanders smuggling network. While Pushpa is at his prime, a ruthless police officer Bhanwar Singh Shekhawat (Fahadh Faasil) takes charge as SP and ridicules Pushpa for his lineage.
action The Double When a United States Senator is murdered, the evidence points to a Soviet assassin, who was long-thought to be dead.
action By Dawn's Early Light A non-NATO nuclear missile is fired from Turkey at USSR, where it detonates. Soviet response is automatic as it's seen as a NATO missile. Can continued escalation be avoided? We follow the US president and a bomber crew.
action Red Cliff (English Subtitled) English Subtitles.  Legendary Hong Kong action specialist John Woo and international superstar Tony Leung reunite for their first feature film together since 1992's Hard Boiled with this historical drama set during the decisive 208 A.D. battle that heralded the end of the Han Dynasty. Adapted in part from the beloved Chinese tome Romance of the Three Kingdoms, Red Cliff opens in the year 208 A.D., just as Prime Minister-turned-General Cao Cao (Zhang Fengyi) seeks permission from Han dynasty Emperor Xian (Wang Ning) to organize a southward-bound mission designed to silence troublesome warlords Liu Bei (You Yong) and Sun Quan (Chang Chen).
action Moby Dick (1956) Gregory Peck is magnificent as Captain Ahab, the surly sailor who loses his leg to a gigantic, crafty white whale in this stunning visual tribute to the great literary classic. Orson Welles co-stars.
action Most Wanted Inspired by a gripping true story, an investigative reporter (Josh Hartnett) fights to expose the twisted truth behind a heroin bust orchestrated by dirty cops to frame an innocent man – sentencing him to life in a Thai prison.
action 6 Days Unfolding over six terrifying days, this film tells all sides of the incredible true story of six heavily-armed gunmen who invaded the Iranian Embassy in London, taking 26 people hostage. Negotiators, police, politicians and the highest military officials wrestle over the correct response, all observed by some of the world's first live TV news coverage.
action Judge Dredd Joseph Dredd is convicted for a crime he did not commit.
action Heavy Metal 2000 This sequel to Heavy Metal is a high-octane science fiction adventure concerning a beautiful young woman named Julie who vows vengeance on a ruthless tyrant after he destroys her planet. As with the first film, the stunning visuals are backed by a stellar soundtrack.
action Enemy at the Gates A young Russian sharpshooter, faces the ultimate challenge in the midst of the Battle of Stalingrad. He then finds himself caught in a game of cat-and-mouse with an elite Nazi sniper.
action The Terminator A cyborg is sent from the future to assassinate a young woman who is destined to give birth to a son who will become the key to saving humanity. Directed by James Cameron.
action Falcon Rising The first installment in an action franchise, entitled CODENAME: FALCON, will center around former Marine John "Falcon" Chapman, a dark anti-hero driven by guilt and suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, who will destroy himself unless given something else to destroy - a useful weapon-of-last-resort for the U.S. State Department.
action Big Mommas: Like Father, Like Son HD. 'Big Momma' is dragged out of mothballs when FBI man Martin Lawrence must go undercover--in a girls school.
action Swelter A sheriff with acute memory loss in a nameless town comes up against four ruthless, escaped convicts he helped rob a Vegas casino with a decade earlier.
action Accident Man Mike Fallon, the Accident Man, is a stone-cold killer, he is the best at what he does. But when a loved one is dragged into the London underworld and murdered by his own crew, Fallon is forced to rip apart the life he knew in order to avenge the one person who actually meant something to him.
