romance Lucy and Desi From director Amy Poehler, Lucy and Desi explores the unlikely partnership and enduring legacy of one of the most prolific power couples in entertainment history. Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz risked everything to be together.
romance I Want You Back Peter (Charlie Day) and Emma (Jenny Slate) thought they were on the precipice of life’s biggest moments – marriage, kids, and houses in the suburbs – until their respective partners dumped them. Horrified to learn that the loves of their lives have already moved on, Peter and Emma hatch a hilarious plan to win back their exes with unexpected results.
romance Forrest Gump The presidencies of Kennedy and Johnson, the events of Vietnam, Watergate, and other history unfold through the perspective of a fictional Alabama man with an IQ of 75.
romance All Roads Lead to Rome Maggie is an uptight, single mother and college writing teacher from New York City. In an effort to reconnect with her troubled teen daughter Summer, she decides to embark on a journey to a Tuscan village that she frequented in her younger days.
romance Gehraiyaan Alisha Khanna, 30, ambitious, now finds herself at a crossroads in life. Her six year long relationship has grown monotonous, her career seems to be going nowhere. But just when she had begun to accept this reality as unchangeable, her life is usurped by the arrival of her cousin, Tia and her fiancé, Zain, with whom she bonds over a troubled past and a common wish to break from its confines.
romance No Such Thing As Loyalty Two men loyalty is tested when a very ungrateful and needy female comes in between their friendship. Will she divide Darnell and James or will their loyalty to each other overcome the dangerous game she playing. With all being said, James didn't make it no easier either.
romance Finding You An unlikely romance is sparked when an aspiring violinist encounters a heartthrob movie star filming his new fantasy-action film in an Irish coastal village.
romance Entanglement A lady with Dissociative Identity Disorder wants husbands inheritance before the side chick gets it.
romance Cashback After a painful breakup, Ben develops insomnia. To kill time, he starts working the late night shift at the local supermarket, where his artistic imagination runs wild.
romance Step Up A troubled guy but a gifted dancer attracts the attention of a talented ballerina at a Maryland school.
romance This Means War HD. Two CIA agents vie for the affections of an unwitting Reese Witherspoon in this riotous action-romance.
romance The Hero World-renowned icon Sam Elliott stars as an aging actor confronting mortality in "The Hero," a beautifully poignant celebration of life and the legacies we leave behind. Also starring Laura Prepon, Nick Offerman, and Krysten Ritter.
romance The Perfect Mate Hope (Brittany Lucio) is a control freak and a perfectionist and nothing would please her more than bringing the perfect Christian future husband home for the weekend to meet her family (Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs, Jackée Harry, K.D. Aubert).
romance White As Snow Claire, a young woman of great beauty, arouses the uncontrollable jealousy of her stepmother Maud, who goes so far as to plan her murder. Rescued at the last moment by a mysterious man who takes her in on his farm, Claire decides to remain in the village, a decision that will awaken the emotions of its inhabitants. One, two, and soon seven men will fall under her spell!
romance Words and Pictures Prep school English teacher Jack Marcus meets his match in Dina Delsanto - an abstract painter, and new teacher on campus - and challenges her to a war between words and pIctures..and, in the process, sparks an unlikely romance.
romance TIME IS UP An accident will force Vivien and Roy to come to a stop and reclaim their lives, one minute at a time, and finally start living in a present that perhaps will prove to be more exciting than any predefined.
romance Playa's Ball Cedric Tinsel (Allen Payne) is a 27-year-old professional basketball player. He is on a verge of signing a lucrative endorsement contract and proposing to his girlfriend Jill Hamlin (Chelsi Smith).
romance More Sex and The Single Mom Single, divorced lawyer Jess Gradwell returns in this sequal as she tries to raise her new three-year-old son, Jake, while dealing with her teenage daughter, Sara's, growing carnal desires with a photographer she meets while planning her high school graduation.
romance A Frosty Affair In this romantic comedy, a small-town teacher is on her way to the city for her wedding when a blizzard strikes and she is snowed in. An unlikely adventure with a lumberjack leaves her questioning her future wedding plans.
romance The Greatest Three months after Allen and Grace Brewer's son died in a car accident, Rose shows up on their doorstep, pregnant with his child. At first her arrival divides their already troubled marriage, but as they accept their grief, Rose and her baby may just bring them back together.
romance Love In Translation Linguistics Ph.D. student Julie can speak almost every language and when Dan, the handsome curator at the museum Julie dreams of working at, contacts her about French classes, sparks fly. TV-G
romance Brothers HD. The wife of a soldier who is reported missing and presumed dead in Afghanistan develops a close relationship to his ne'er-do-well brother.
romance The Two Faces of January This thriller follows Chester MacFarland (Viggo Mortensen) and his wife Colette (Kirsten Dunst) as they befriend a guide (Oscar Isaac) on a European trip. This friendship takes a turn when it morphs into a love triangle full of envy, and murder.
romance Dear Viola Katie Miner, a shy accountant at a newspaper, begins penning the advice column "Dear Viola". In the mountain of letters, Katie finds one from Russ, a widower who can't seem to get past the loss of his wife. Through correspondence, Katie falls for Russ, but when he starts dating the knockout new girl in town at "Viola's" advice, Katie has to decide if she should keep her "Viola" secret.
romance The Princess and The Marine Based on a true story about the forbidden love between Jason Johnson, a U.S. Marine, and Meriam Al-Khalifa, a Bahraini Princess.
romance Amazed by You When a "City Slicker" Christian Andrews (Aaron Mees, Christmas in the Pines) is thrown into a Cowboy World filled with five sisters, two bullies, a whole lot of cattle, one grungy dog, and a woman who runs it all... only his Faith will guide him through it. You'll be amazed by this charming story that celebrates life after loss.
romance Runaway Bride Julia Roberts plays small-town girl whose marches down the aisle become a series of near Mrs. when she bolts before saying "I do."
romance A Marriage of Convenience Successful businesswoman Chris Winslow gives up her career to raises her deceased sister's son. Eight years later the boy's father who was unaware of his son's existence arrives. They decide to enter into a marriage of convenience in order to not upset the child, though they soon find, that they may just be in love after all.
romance Very Good Girls Best friends Lily (Dakota Fanning) and Gerry (Elizabeth Olsen), home for one last New York summer, make a pact to lose their virginity before leaving for college. But when they both fall for the same handsome artist (Boyd Holbrook) and Lily starts seeing him in secret, a lifelong friendship is tested.
romance Brittany Runs A Marathon Hilarious and outgoing, Brittany Forgler, is everybody’s best friend ― except her own. Her partying, underemployment and toxic relationships are catching up with her. Too broke for a gym and too proud to ask for help, Brit is at a loss, until her neighbor pushes her to run one sweaty block. Soon, she sets an almost unthinkable goal: the New York City Marathon.
romance (500) Days Of Summer An offbeat romantic comedy about a woman who doesn't believe true love exists, and the young man who falls for her.
romance The Map of Tiny Perfect Things Quick-witted teen Mark (Kyle Allen) is contentedly living the same day in an endless loop when his world is turned upside-down by the mysterious Margaret (Kathryn Newton), also stuck in the same loop. What follows is a love story with a fantastical twist, as the two struggle to figure out how – and whether – to escape their never-ending day.
romance About Hope Thomas McKenzie has been searching for the perfect girl his whole life. When he meets two women who pique his interest he learns that the love we are searching for is not always the true love that makes us whole.
romance Farm to Fork to Love Focused chef, ALICE (Meggan Kaiser), works at one of the top restaurants in New York. After a disastrous night serving a food critic, she receives an invitation to judge the notorious food competition in honor of the annual fundraiser for the St. Andrew's Children's Hospital. Alice decides to go, and among the judges is the handsome chef CHRISTIAN (Scot cooper), who attended school with Alice.
romance Things You Can Tell Just By Looking At Her Set in Los Angeles, tells five loosely related stories about the loves and losses in the lives of five women.
romance The Gift of Grace A sensible god-fearing family man risks it all when he indulges in an affair that could cost him and his family everything.
romance A Winter Romance When librarian TAYLOR HARRIS suddenly loses her job, she moves back to her small hometown in Montana. There, she gets involved in the fight to help save her brother’s hotel from tycoon JOEL SHEENAN. But things become complicated when she ends up falling for Joel.
romance Ladies in Lavender Aging spinster sisters Ursula (Judi Dench) and Janet (Maggie Smith) discover a young man (Daniel Brühl) near death on the beach by their home in a small Cornish fishing village. Taking him in, they discover that he is Andrea, a violinist from Krakow, Poland, who had been swept off an ocean liner on which he was sailing to a fresh start in America.
romance Sweet Land When Lars' grandmother Inge dies in 2004, he is faced with a decision -- sell the family farm on which she lived since 1920, or cling to the legacy of the land. Seeking advice, he turns to the memory of Inge and the stories she had passed on to him.
romance The Love Punch Set in the French Riviera, The Love Punch brings together Pierce Brosnan and Emma Thompson in a feel good romantic comedy about an estranged couple who, after having their pension stolen by a crooked businessman, must reunite to steal it back.
romance My Best Friend's Bouquet When Josie accidentally catches a wedding bouquet before her engaged friend, she is reminded of a family myth that could jeopardize her friends happiness. Stars Chaley Rose and Nathan Witte.
romance The Last Days of Capitalism A man and woman begin a complex affair over 72 hours in a Las Vegas penthouse.
romance Cooley High Set in 1964 Chicago, "Cooley High" is a slice-of-life tale of two high school students--best friends--coping with the challenges of everyday life and growing up in the shadows of the housing projects. Glynn Turman and Laurence-Hilton Jacobs star.
romance Crazy Heart Bad Blake is a boozy, broken-down singer reaching for salvation with the help of Jean, a journalist who discovers the real man behind the music.
romance Sold Out "Sold Out" is a music-based drama about a female talent scout who takes a down-on-his-luck construction worker under her wing and helps him rise to his potential as a singer/songwriter.
romance Who You Think I Am Ghosted by her hunky twenty something lover, Claire, a middle-aged professor and divorced single mom, creates a fake Facebook profile to do a little undetected online snooping. But when her 24-year-old avatar "Clara" is friended by her ex's equally attractive roommate, superficial correspondence quickly escalates towards intense intimacy and uncontrolled obsession.
romance Two Night Stand A no-strings-attached, online hook-up turns into a morning after disaster for twenty-something New Yorkers Alec (Miles Teller) and Megan (Analeigh Tipton). When a paralyzing blizzard hits the city, trapping them in Alec's cramped Brooklyn apartment, they are forced to get to know each other far beyond the confines of a typical one-night stand.
romance I'll See You in My Dreams When Carol (Blythe Danner) seeks out new experiences with the help of friends (June Squibb, Rhea Perlman and Mary Kay Place), she unexpectedly finds romance (Sam Elliot).
romance The Big Sick The Big Sick is based on the real-life courtship between Pakistan-born comedian Kumail Nanjiani (Nanjiani) and grad student Emily Gordon (Zoe Kazan) who fall in love but struggle as their cultures clash. When Emily contracts a mysterious illness, Kumail finds himself forced to face her feisty parents, his family’s expectations, and his true feelings.
romance Avanti! An uptight, middle-aged, married American journeys to Italy to claim the remains of his father, who was killed in an automobile accident. He learns that the old gent didn't die alone   his English mistress was with him. And, apparently, the couple had been carrying on every summer for over ten years! Based on the play by Samuel Taylor.
romance Dirty Dancing 2: Havana Nights It's 1958 when the Miller family moves to Havana, where 18-year-old Katy's (Romola Garai) parents expect her to be the belle of the high-society ball. Instead, she falls for Xavier (Diego Luna), a waiter who teaches her how to dance and partners with her for an upcoming contest. But Fidel Castro's rise to power forces Americans to depart, putting Katy and Xavier's relationship in jeopardy.
romance You Cast A Spell On Me Meeting at a Halloween party, Matt and Sara have an instant connection, but they agree to not exchange numbers. What they don't realize is that by meeting, they've set in motion events that will change both their lives in magical ways.
romance Runaway Romance A reality TV star leaves Hollywood and finds herself in Amish country where she must decide between staying in her newfound reality or returning to her old one.
romance Love Type D A Woman who's been dumped 12 times in a row, is diagnosed with a "loser in love" gene, which predisposes her to chronic failure and rejection for the rest of her life. Unwilling to accept her fate, she embarks on a quest to change her romantic future.
romance Unfinished Sky Honest Australian Outback sheep-farmer leads an isolated life. Suddenly an exotic women turns up at night, armed and frightened out of her wits. He takes her in, grumpily. Gradually he finds out she's an Afghan refugee, looking for other illegally emigrated relatives. He tries to help her quest, but they soon experience the human traffickers are on her track, and better connected then he guesses.
romance The Matchmaker A mother plays the role of a matchmaker at her 50th birthday celebration to her son and his ex-girlfriend. All hell breaks loose when her son brings his unexpected new fiancé to the party.
romance My Normal The story of Natalie, a young lesbian from the Lower East Side, who's struggling to find a balance between her dreams of becoming a filmmaker and her lifestyle as a dominatrix.
romance A Royal Christmas Engagement Lauren, a hard-working advertising executive, begins to fall for Paul, a consultant she has been paired with to land a big account for the upcoming holiday season. Unbeknownst to Lauren and everyone else, Paul is actually Prince Edward Charles, European royalty in disguise as a commoner.
romance The Handmaiden (4K UHD) From PARK Chan-wook, the celebrated director of OLDBOY, LADY VENGEANCE and STOKER, comes a ravishing new crime drama. PARK presents a gripping and sensual tale of two women - a young Japanese Lady living on a secluded estate, and a Korean woman who is hired to serve as her new handmaiden, but is secretly plotting with a conman to defraud her of a large inheritance.
romance 200 Pounds Beauty After a drastic "head-to-toe" plastic surgery, Han-na, an overweight back-up singer, goes from shy duckling to full-on pop diva in this acclaimed Korean comedy. When Han-na finally gets the spotlight she always wanted, she realizes that fame wasn't what she thought it would be.
romance The Student Prince Seconded to the Royal Protection Squad, police officer Barry Grimes is dispatched to look after a young British Prince starting his first year at Cambridge University. Barry soon finds his duties extending far beyond those of personal bodyguard. Against the famous backdrop of the dreaming spires, the two young men learn about life, love and themselves.
romance In Dubious Battle An activist gets caught up in the labor movement for farm workers in California during the 1930s.
romance Runnin' From My Roots Following a devastating breakup with her fiancé, Grammy Award-winning Nashville Country star Faith Winters escapes to her rural Smithville hometown, where she rediscovers feelings for her high school sweetheart turned local Pastor, and must balance these unexpected emotions with the career she left behind in Nashville, and the disruption her return brings to her small town.
romance The Gigolo The life of a Hong Kong gigolo named Fung, who started with nothing and now has everything.
romance 5:55 (five fifty five) The hardest part for Oma and Dayo is not realizing they are in toxic relationships. With the help of Dr Pat they are able to let go of their toxic past.
romance 10 Things We Should Do Before We Break Up Sparks fly when a self-sufficient single mom meets a magnetic perennial bachelor. On their first date, they collaborate--in jest--on the ultimate un-bucket list: ten things to do together before they break up. But when fate intervenes, this pair of cynics must embark on the most challenging journey of all, building a family together, and the chance to trade their cynicism for hope.
romance The Aeronauts In 1862, daredevil balloon pilot Amelia Wren (Felicity Jones) teams up with pioneering meteorologist James Glaisher (Eddie Redmayne) to advance human knowledge of the weather and fly higher than anyone in history.
romance I Could Never Be Your Woman A mother falls for a younger man while her daughter falls in love for the first time. Mother Nature messes with their fates.
romance A Rainy Day in New York Woody Allen returns to the romantic fields of previous hits Vicky Cristina Barcelona and Midnight in Paris, assembling an all-star cast including Timothée Chalamet, Elle Fanning, Selena Gomez, Jude Law, Diego Luna and Liev Schreiber, for a charming, comedic tale set amidst the dizzying streets of The Big Apple, as romantic weekend plans are soon dashed as quickly as the sunlight turns to showers.
romance Words On Bathroom Walls Diagnosed with a mental illness, a witty, introspective teen falls in love with a brilliant classmate who inspires him to open his heart and not be defined by his condition.
romance Across The Line While investigating brutal killings on the border, a Texas sheriff uncovers corruption, dark secrets, and a mysterious, beautiful witness.
romance Janosik The story of Janosik, a legendary "Central European Robin Hood", based on real XVIII century documents and a romantic legend. Young Janosik, burnt out by war experiences and disappointment in love, joins a team of brigands. Soon after he becomes the troop's leader and is recognized as a brave and honorable commander, he never kills anyone he robs.
romance The Ultimate Gift A deceased billionaire leaves his spoiled adult grandson a series of odd tasks to perform in order to receive "the ultimate gift," with the resentful grandson having no idea what that might be.
romance Looks That Kill The story of a teenage boy who deals with the ups and downs of being lethally attractive. Starring Brandon Flynn, Julia Goldani, and Ki Hong Lee.
romance Sylvie's Love When a young woman meets an aspiring saxophonist in her father’s record shop in 1950s Harlem, their love ignites a sweeping romance that transcends changing times, geography, and professional success.
romance Alienated A struggling scientist has a UFO encounter that turns his world upside down. Fate guides him to meet a quirky female artist and he begins to fall in love, never suspecting she's the alien from the UFO.
romance Along Came Jones Gary Cooper (1952's "High Noon") gives a marvelous, tongue-in-cheek performance as a fumble-fingered cowpoke who is mistaken for a notorious bandit and almost gets killed by both sides of the law   all while managing to capture the attention of Loretta Young. William Demarest co-stars as Cooper's trusty sidekick and Dan Duryea plays the villainous Monte Jarred for whom Cooper is mistaken.
romance Come As You Are Three young men with disabilities (Grant Rosenmeyer, Hayden Szeto, and Ravi Patel) flee their overbearing parents on a road trip to a brothel in Montreal catering to people with special needs. Sam (Gabourey Sidibe), a traveling nurse, drives the three guys across the border as they go on this trip to lose their virginity and embrace their independence.
romance 2's A Couple, 3's A Crowd A young Atlanta couple has lost their fight for their marriage and have decided to move on. Kevin, the devoted husband, decides to fight for the relationship after the split until he meets the new girl at the office. Tables are then turned. Throughout this entanglement friends and colleagues interject their two cents into this former happy couple's lives.
romance A Thousand Years of Good Prayers A woman in her early 40s moves from China to America to start a new life.  Her father comes to visit her because of her recent divorce.  Their social and generational conflicts reveal the darker lies and cover-ups within her family during the Cultural Revolution.
romance The Light Touch Sexy puckish pickpocket Becky, a Bugs Bunny of a girl, is teasing a wallet out of a purse on a crowded Athens metro when she notices Miranda, falls in love, and the chase is on. Oops, Becky picks the pocket of a policeman on vacation, her Elmer Fudd, and he's obsessed with catching her.
romance Friends Family & Lovers Dushon is down on his luck and is always bailing out his cousin, Kenneth, who has serious baby momma drama. He is also always covering for his best friend James, who is an arrogant, successful music producer that constantly cheats on his wife. Everything changes when the beautiful songstress next door, Jasmine, moves into town.
romance Eternity Struggling to get pregnant, Ariana Mitchell feels like she is disappointing her husband, Thomas Mitchell. One night the unexpected happens and it puts Ariana in a coma. As Thomas prays for her Ariana begins to have memories of her childhood, her mother, and her best friend. Eternity, is a life and death tale that examines God and our relationship with Him through our best and darkest times.
romance Last Chance Café After uncovering evidence that her stepfather was murdered by a ring of corrupt cops and judges, including her DA ex-husband, a woman is forced to flee with her daughter and hide in a small farming town, where she falls for a local ranch owner but danger soon follows.
romance Loco Love After losing his restaurant to his ex-wife, Donald's gardener wins the lottery & offers him a new restaurant if he agrees to marry his beautiful, but crazy sister so she can get a green card.
romance Violets Are Blue Two former high school sweet-hearts (Sissy Spacek and Kevin Kline) are reunited after fifteen years and discover they are still in love.
romance Something Wild (1986) A budding yuppie business executive in New York City gets picked up by a sexy, wacked out woman. They spend a wild weekend together. She cons him into posing as her husband. They visit her mom, attend her high school reunion, and have a violent run-in with her ex-husb- band, a psycho con just out of jail.
romance Boxing Day Melvin, a British author living in America, returns home to London for the holidays to introduce his American fiance (Lisa) to his eccentric British-Caribbean family. Their relationship is put to the test, as she discovers the world her fiance left behind revolves around his ex-girlfriend (Georgia),who is now an international pop star!
romance Kings Go Forth In this riveting war-time drama that packs plenty of explosive excitement and fervent passion, Frank Sinatra and Tony Curtis battle their own prejudices after learning the woman (Natalie Wood) they both love is not exactly who she appears to be.
romance Charade Before discovering her husband has been murdered in Paris, Regina Lampert (Audrey Hepburn) falls for the charming Peter Joshua (Cary Grant). Regina and Peter will have to give chase to three men who are after the money they all stole during World War II. But is Peter the man he claims to be? From British Pathé TV's Classic Movie Collection.
romance The American Paris, the 1870s. A wealthy young American, Newman, arrives in Paris looking for a wife and a cultural education. He falls in love with Claire, the daughter of a formidable French family from the ancient regime. The war of class and money begins.
romance I'm With Lucy A woman experiences five blind dates in one year, but only one of them is "Mr. Right".
romance Cliffs of Freedom An ill-fated romance between a young Greek village girl and a conflicted Turkish officer during the dawn of the Greek War for Independence against the Ottoman Empire in 1821. When she becomes a local war hero and he is tasked with her capture, their encounters inevitably lead to a confrontation during a pivotal battle between the Greeks and Turks that will change the course of history.
romance Two If By Sea A couple steals a Matisse painting on contract. They manage to escape the police. The sale takes place 4 days later on an island. Things don't go as planned.
romance My Man Godfrey Nominated for 4 Academy Awards! A wealthy New York family in the 1930's brings in a destitute and "Forgotten Man" as their butler.  Expertly restored original black and white.
romance Wedding Swingers Alan, a successful TV producer, invites his old college friends to his wedding and reunion weekend in Palm Springs. Among the guests is his old college crush, Laura. The weekend starts innocently enough, but long-held secrets and buried passions are exposed when Alan and Laura get lost in the desert, and the other guests are left to themselves. Chaos, laughs and surprises ensue.
romance To The Wonder From director Terrence Malick (Days of Heaven, The Thin Red Line), a stunningly beautiful, romantic film about love and faith. A man (Ben Affleck) is torn between the love of two women. With Javier Bardem, Rachel McAdams, Olga Kurylenko.
romance Plug Love Ucult Studios presents a woman realizes that being cheated on is not worth having the finer things in life. While in an unfaithful relationship with her fiancé, she stumbles upon the true definition of real love from another man.
romance Christmas Together A woman leaves New York for LA after a break-up and falls in love while renting the guest house of a young father over the Christmas holidays.
romance Complete Strangers A recovering alcoholic returns to his hometown after a hiatus, and falls in love with a man who will turn his world upside down.
romance A Match Made At Christmas Romantic, small-town girl Holly, and realist, career-driven, Chris aren't a likely pair, but when 'matched' together by Holly's all-knowing great-aunt, they don't seem to have much of a choice.
romance Romeo and Juliet Shakespeare's epic romance is revitalized by Downton Abbey writer, Julian Fellowes, and The Flight of the Innocent director, Carlos Carlei. With an all-star cast that includes Hailee Steinfeld, Douglas Booth, Damian Lewis, and Paul Giamatti, it gives a new generation the chance to fall in love with the enduring legend of Romeo and Juliet. Every generation deserves to discover this classic story.
romance The Song of Lunch Alan Rickman and Emma Thompson star in this powerful fusion of poetry and drama. Based on Christopher Reid's narrative poem, The Song of Lunch follows the story of a book editor who, 15 years after their break-up, is meeting his former love for a nostalgic lunch.
romance Weekenders As summer turns to fall in rural Vermont, a scheduling mix-up at an Airbnb brings four twenty-somethings together, each navigating the open waters of where, how, and with whom they're supposed to be. As the long weekend progresses, the foursome is forced to contemplate their collective baggage, the value of prioritizing connection over convenience, and what happens when they all go home.
romance Love Everlasting High school senior Bridger (Lucky Blue Smith) in an escape from his abusive stepfather, ends up stuck in a small middle-of-nowhere town. He soon meets fellow outcast Clover, and sparks fly.
romance Cold Feet At a rented house, Eddie and his best friends unite for his bachelor party. The next day, though, a fight for sanity and survival begins when they discover there are snipers outside the house and a ghost inside, none of whom want the guys to leave.
romance Scarlet The story of a hardworking, loving and devoted wife, mother of an autistic child who discovered her husband was having an affair with her sister
romance Forget Me Not Love happens, when you least expect it. Forget Me Not is a modern day love story set over 24 hours in London, centred on Will, a passionate musician, and Eve, a free-spirited woman who works in the local bar. Whilst struggling to cope with a tragic secret, Will saves Eve from a drunken customer and their paths become inextricably linked. As the two draw closer, can Will reveal the truth to Eve?
romance Hard to Get A charming local lothario sets his sights on a beautiful stranger.
romance Olympia A struggling Chicago artist finds herself at a crossroads in life, overwhelmed by changes and needing to make a critical decision in her relationship.
romance Acquainted When two old acquaintances see each other for the first time since high school, there is an instant attraction. They're both in committed relationships, but their chance encounter has them wondering "what if." Secret meet-ups that begin as "casual" become romantic and they both look at the truth in themselves to determine who they are and what they want in life and love.
romance Grace Charlie Ellison is a once famous writer suffering from writers block With the book advance spent, his agent and best friend Bernie sends him Dawn, a belligerent young woman in order to inspire and check on him - but she has her own ideas.
romance The White Countess Set in 1930s Shanghai, where a blind American diplomat (Ralph Fiennes) develops a curious relationship with a young Russian refugee (Natasha Richardson) who works odd -- and sometimes illicit -- jobs to support members of her dead husband's aristocratic family.
romance Cafe Society Woody Allen’s CAFÉ SOCIETY follows Bobby (Jesse Eisenberg) from New York to Hollywood, where he falls in love, and back to New York, where he is swept up in high society night life.
romance Playing House A young, ambitious editor finds out she's pregnant just as she lands her big break.
romance Padmaavat Set in 1303 AD medieval India, Padmaavat is the story of honor, valor and obsession. Queen Padmavati is known for her exceptional beauty along with a strong sense of justice and is the wife of Maharawal Ratan Singh and pride of the Kingdom of Chittor, a prosperous kingdom in the north west of India. The legend of her beauty reaches the reigning sultan of Hindustan – Allaudin Khilji.
romance Young Billy Young After his son is murdered, an aging deputy (Robert Mitchum) puts on his badge and is joined by a young ex-gunfighter (Robert Walker, Jr.) to pursue the killer. Fate will lead to a deadly confrontation with another young gunfighter (David Carradine.)
romance Under the Greenwood Tree Amidst the surrounding farms and woodlands of the idyllic village of Mellstock, southern England, a love story grows between local boy Dick Dewey and beautiful schoolteacher Fancy Day. But in seeking her hand in marriage penniless Dick finds himself in competition with other more likely suitors, will true love win out or will the social traditions of Victorian England determine Fancy's future?
romance The Mysteries of Pittsburgh A recent college grad spends his final summer with a girl and her adventurous boyfriend before heading into a job his father wants him to take and along the way realizes what he wants more out of his life. Based on the novel by Pulitzer Prize Winning Author Michael Chabon.
romance The Best Years of Our Lives Three World War II veterans return home to small-town America to discover that they and their families have been irreparably changed.
romance Deceitful Passions Married but single, Vito quickly learns that love, lust and passion doesn't always mix.
romance Open A former professional golfer attempts to qualify for The Open Championship having taken a break from the game due to experiencing a trauma. On his comeback he meets a woman who is recovering from a trauma of her own. The peace and beauty of the golf course provides them with the platform they need to form an unbreakable bond.
romance Her Name Was Christa Stephen is a socially awkward, desperately alone middle-aged telemarketer. At a co-worker's suggestion, he goes in search of a prostitute for "The Girlfriend Experience." He meets Christa, a streetwise call girl happy to fulfill his needs, until the arrangement blossoms into true love. But what happens when death enters the picture? How far would you go to keep the one person you've always wanted?
romance Nicholas and Alexandra Nicholas and Alexandra covers the rise and fall of the last of the Russian Romanovs. From their lavish wedding, to involvement of the mystical holy man, Rasputin, the Czar and Czarina of Russia are out of touch with their people. This gives way to the rise of Lenin and Trotsky who sow the seeds of revolution thus sealing the Russian royal family's doom.
romance The Fare Harris, a world-weary taxi driver, and his fare, Penny, find themselves trapped in an endlessly looping ride that changes their lives forever.
romance Spider's Web A wily businessman plots with a sultry executive to swindle $40 million from his father. But who is conning who?
romance Sweet Sunshine After his rise to fame causes a rift with his father, a young superstar suffers a tragedy that will change his life forever. Can a chance meeting with a talented young woman give him the strength he needs to believe in himself?
romance Charade In Paris, romance and suspense ensue as a woman is pursued by several men who want a fortune her murdered husband had stolen. Whom can she trust?
romance Heartland An artist whose lover died moves in with her Mom, whose hopes that her daughter will go straight are disrupted by her brother's intense girlfriend.
romance Physical Evidence A police officer suspended and now accused of murder is forced to join forces with his court-appointed attorney to assemble the pieces of a deadly puzzle to find the missing link before time runs out.
romance Manhattan Undying A vampire seeks out an artist to paint her a portrait so that she can see her image for the first time.
romance Priceless On the French Riviera, nothing comes cheap. And when it comes to men, Irene has very rich taste. One very confusing night, she is duped at her own game. Her knight in shining armor turns out to be a bartender. Irene, however, is the woman of Jean's dreams. The only way to win her heart back is to turn the tables on her. Audrey Tautou stars in a romantic comedy that proves true love is priceless
romance The Night Watch Set against the turbulent backdrop of London in the 1940s, this adaptation of Sarah Waters' bestselling novel, The Night Watch, follows four young Londoners inextricably linked by their wartime experiences. In a time when the barriers of sexual morality and social convention have been broken down, Kay, Helen, Viv and Duncan enjoy a freedom never experienced before.
romance Loving Annabelle Erin Kelly stars as Annabelle, a precocious Senator's daughter who falls in love with her teacher Simone (Diane Gaidry) at a stodgy Catholic girls boarding school. Inspired by the classic lesbian drama Maedchen in Uniform, out writer-director Katherine Brooks unveils this passionate tale of forbidden love with intelligence, wit and sensitivity.
romance Prince for Christmas Prince Duncan of Belmont is in the US in search of true love when he bumps into Emma, a waitress at a small town diner, and each of their Christmases become considerably brighter. TV-PG
romance Allure During her job as a house cleaner, Laura bonds with an unhappy teenager, Eva. Their mutual attraction escalates as Laura convinces Eva to run away. During their time together, both must unearth certain truths to find their own way. Official Selection Toronto International Film Festival 2017
romance Sunstroke Academy Award winner Nikita Mikhalkov delivers an epic saga, a magnificent love story and portrait of Russia recalled during the glory days before its fall.
romance The Christmas Lodge During a weekend trip to the mountains, Mary finds herself at the now run-down lodge where she spent the holidays with her family growing up. She becomes determined to restore the building to its former glory. Inspired by her grandfather and guided by her grandmother in heaven, Mary throws herself into the project.
romance Starfish Tom has a perfect life until a devastating illness strikes. This is a story of the survival of love against all odds.
romance The Christmas Dance Traumatized by her past Christmas is not at the top of Sarah's list this time of year. However, waltzing through life's unexpected emergencies, she is taught the Christmas dance.
romance The Ultimate Legacy A self-absorbed young man is challenged to grow a conscience and change his ways in order to receive an inheritance from his grandmother.
romance No Surrender Love is patient, love is kind. Love does not envy, is not boastful, is not conceited, but what do you do when you don't know love.
romance Turning Tables A successful divorce attorney finds himself in a forbidden affair with one of his clients Diane who is going through a bad divorce and this throws his world upside down which leads to a series of unfortunate events
romance Christmas in Mississippi Photographer Holly Logan (Jana Kramer) returns to her hometown of Gulfport, Mississippi for Christmas. The town is resurrecting their traditional holiday light show and now Holly must spend the next few days with the man who broke her heart.
romance To Whom It May Concern Anna is 30, a bartender, beautiful, sexy and emotionally dysfunctional. Tired of life and planning to commit suicide, she begins making her own funeral arrangements. When Anna meets Sam, the boyfriend of her neighbor, something sparks between them.
romance The Tree That Saved Christmas Twenty years after saving a frail sapling from a cutting crew, Molly Logan (Lacey Chabert) learns that the bank is foreclosing on her parents' Christmas tree farm. Can the tree she spared rescue the holiday?
romance Kalank Set in 1945, in Pre-Independent India, ‘Kalank’ is the story of a vivid and ethereal world, lost when the fire of Partition engulfs the city and the country. It’s the story of the shades of Reds in their lives as they yearn for hues of love while Husnabad gets soaked in the reds of violence and revenge.
romance A Bride for Christmas After Jessie calls off her third engagement, she swears off serious relationships until she finds "the one." That is, until charming but chronically single Aiden comes along.
romance Scenes of a Sexual Nature This British comedy stars an incredible home-grown cast including Tom Hardy (Mad Max: Fury Road), Ewan McGregor, (Trainspotting), Catherine Tate (Doctor Who), Mark Strong (1917), Hugh Bonneville (Notting Hill), Andrew Lincoln (Love Actually) and Adrian Lester (The Day After Tomorrow). On the lush green lawns of London's Hampstead Heath, a variety of couples sort through their romantic dilemmas.
romance The Ultimate Life A billionaire with questionable priorities re-examines his life after discovering his grandfather's journal.  Starring Peter Fonda.
romance Christmas in a Royal Fashion A handsome prince hopes to convince an American fashion company to bring more business to his kingdom by hosting a Christmas fashion show where he meets an intriguing young assistant. TV-G
romance London London is a drug laden adventure that centers on a party in a New York loft where a young man (Chris Evans) is trying to win back his ex-girlfriend (Jessica Biel).
romance HOMESTAY Film adaptation of Eto Mori's novel, Colorful. “Blank,” a soul chosen by the mysterious “Guardian,” homestays in the body of Makoto, a deceased high school student. While reincarnated, Blank must find what caused Makoto's death. Limited to 100 days, Blank spends time with his awkward family, a kind friend, and a crush from school. But a glimmer of light and large darkness intersect in the truth.
romance Mujhse Dosti Karoge Raj, Tina and Pooja are childhood friends. Raj then goes away but keeps in touch with Tina though it was actually Pooja he was talking to. On coming back he discovers that Tina is a totally different person and it is Pooja whose emails he'd been receiving. When Raj confesses his love for Pooja, she refuses to admit her love for him, keeping her friend in mind. What happens now?
romance Rumba Love Having made a promise to pursue his dreams in New York City, a Cuban rumba singer leaves Havana to chase his destiny and the love of his life, bringing with him only his musical talent. When he quickly loses almost everything and success in the Big Apple seems out of reach, he relies on his unwavering determination to maintain his faith in a dream that must be realized.
romance Farmer and the Belle Saving Santaland When a town is in danger of losing its beloved Santaland festival, miracles happen with a little love, family and faith. TV-G
romance The Wake Up Call The Wake Up Call is a faith-based film inspired by real life choices and conflicts of Christians today. Stacy is a young woman who was born and raised in church, and greatly involved while living a double life. Frank, her boyfriend, is from the streets. Stacy spends most of her Sunday mornings praying for Frank to attend church services with her. Her prayers are finally answered.
romance CIRCLES vol 1 Circles is the story of a beautiful teenager by the name Mya..who life changes drastically with the death of her father..Her Grandmother tries to shield her from the inner city but when the neighborhood boss take a liking to her it changes everything..its leads her down a road of drugs,sex, and more unfortunate events...
romance One Special Night Julie Andrews and James Garner portray two strangers who take refuge in a small cabin during a stormy winter night and, despite their differences, or perhaps because of them, they are undeniably drawn to one another in this holiday classic that demonstrates once again the charisma that has made them two of the world's most beloved stars.
romance The Cowboy and The Lady A lonely socialite masquerades as a maid and meets an unpretentious, plain-spoken cowboy who is unaware of her true identity.
romance 40 Carats After a summer fling with a man nearly 20 years her junior while on vacation, Ann assumes she'll never see Peter again. Until, he unknowingly shows up as a date for her daughter. Surprisingly, both her daughter and mother warm to the prospect of Ann's romance when it turns out he's a financial wiz. The only person not completely won over is Ann herself but 40 carats could change her mind!
romance Not Left In Vegas Not Left In Vegas is the Hilarious new comedy from Kamal Smith that shows what really happens on the road to saying 'I Do" So buckle up and get ready to witness all the love, drama and secrets that comes to light when planning a wedding.
romance A Christmas Wedding Date After Rebecca is fired, she goes back home to see her mother for the holidays where she also attends a wedding on Christmas Eve.
romance Beaten Robson Green and Saira Todd star in a powerful love story exploring the roots of domestic violence.
romance The Bishop's Wife An angel in human form enters the life of a bishop in order to help him build a new cathedral and repair his fractured marriage.
romance A Christmas Star (4K UHD) An astronomist goes to a small town to record a once in a lifetime event, and she ends up finding true love among the stars with a single father.
romance Sugarbaby An asocial, obese German woman lives in a large city. Unfortunately despite her kind and intelligent personality, she has had a lot of trouble making a connection with people, until she gets a crush on a handsome subway conductor.
romance Veer Zaara Veer Singh (Shahrukh Khan), a pilot of the Indian Air Force and Zaara (Preity Zinta), a Pakistani girl happen to meet in India and fall in love. Unfortunately, Zaara is engaged to a crude Pakistani man, Raza and so is forced to return. Veer decides to travel to Pakistan to see if he can win Zaara over. What follows is a series of events which end with Veer ending up in prison.
romance Erotic Fire of The Unattainable A sixty-year-old New York city writer uses the men in her romantic life as muses for her latest novel, however, when the deeper she gets in her work the more complicated her love life becomes.
romance The Work and the Glory Recently moved to upstate New York from the comfort of their Vermont homestead, the Benjamin Steed family makes their way into the established social structure of Palmyra. In their attempt to settle peacefully into the new community they find the help that they have hired to clear their land is at the center of a religious controversy - a controversy that threatens to tear the family apart.
romance Jawaani Jaaneman A care free middle aged single man, who is high on life and spends most of his time at parties with beautiful women suddenly finds himself the father of a young girl who is also pregnant. Will he rise up to the occasion or continue to live his free-spirited life in denial? Jawaani Jaaneman is a coming of age film and a comic take on how a man confronts the harsh reality of his life.
romance My First Love A widow (Beatrice Arthur) gets in touch with her former high-school sweetheart, a divorced doctor (Richard Kiley) with a young girlfriend (Joan Van Ark).
romance A Love That Hurts As unsuspected trauma enters their lives, Chris and Samantha are confronted with lies and betrayal and must now experience A Love That Hurts.
romance A Christmas Princess Jessica is a struggling chef living in a trendy New York borough.  Prince Jack, who's in the city for his family's annual Christmas charity dinner, finds himself in need of a last-minute chef for this royal event when he meets Jessica.  His parents, a would-be girlfriend and a pushy socialite (and ex-girlfriend) from Jack's home country all stand in the way.  But love is a powerful force.
romance Mad at the Moon (Restored) Jenny Hill longs for the love of the local rough-and-tumble outlaw, James. However, her mother doesn't approve and instead marries Jenny off to James's half-brother Miller Brown, a polite and inarticulate farmer. Miller is in love with Jenny, but she can't stand his touch. Jenny begins to lapse into boredom until the full moon rises and she discovers Miller's dark secret.
romance The Winslow Boy When a young boy claims he was expelled for something he didn't do, his father sacrifices everything to defend his family's honor. Based on Terence Rattigan's celebrated play, adapted and directed byDavid Mamet.
romance Who Am I Now? Alex and Erin discover a mutual attraction that neither of them have ever felt. Now they must figure out how to navigate their new found feelings while learning who they are.
romance Marty A lonely, heavy-set Bronx butcher, who lives with his mother, finds his soul mate in a shy schoolteacher.
romance The Secret Diaries of Miss Anne Lister The story of Anne Lister, a 19th-century Yorkshire landowner, industrialist and lesbian. Anne kept a detailed account of her life in a fascinating and painfully honest 4,000,000-word journal. A sizeable portion was written in code, and the recent deciphering of the diaries provides an astonishing insight into the life of the woman who has been called Britain's first modern lesbian.
romance Love and Love Only When a rich Indian International student falls for a working-class Australian girl, who is crazily in love with him, how will he handle the cultural differences and succeed in his love, against his parents' plans for his future?
romance Mohabbatein Narayan Shankar , a strict principal of a prestigious boys school staunchly supports honour and discipline. He despises the idea of love. Three students are in love but are bound by school rules to express their feelings, until the entry of a music teacher Raj, who supports their love and encourages them to embrace their affection. Will love prevail or succumb to honour and discipline?
romance I Walk the Line Gregory Peck plays Southern sheriff Henry Tawes, who intends to bring moonshiner Carl McCain (Ralph Meeker) to justice. Instead, Tawes falls in love with McCain's nubile daughter, Alma (Tuesday Weld), and arranges for the feds to keep their hands off McCain's still. The sheriff thus risks completely destroying his work life and home life. Featuring music from Johnny Cash
romance The Unforgiven Burt Lancaster and Audrey Hepburn lead an all-star cast in this gunslinging depiction of a pioneer family haunted by a deranged ex- soldier armed with the "sword of God."
romance Sister Code After the death of their mother, three foster sisters - the shrewd businesswoman, the free spirit, and the caregiver - find themselves fighting for their individual dreams and fighting each other in this tale of love, lust, and tragedy.
romance Still The Water Still the Water is a dramatic feature film about brothers who try to reconnect many years after a domestic tragedy tore them apart.
romance Dr. Cabbie An unemployed immigrant doctor turned cab driver becomes a local hero when he converts his taxi into a mobile clinic.
romance Love Of Fate: The Law As Timothy's rise to the top is derailed by his limited ability to perform, he sets out to hustle his looks and moxie to the lonely, rich, church ladies of the city. Only to find he's come across an over anxious jealous husband, who happens to be his old team mate. Thaddeus finds himself in a pickle after breaking the heart of Kenya, the woman who loved him as a Beta male.
romance The Girl King "The Girl King" paints a portrait of the brilliant, extravagant Kristina of Sweden, queen from age six, who fights the conservative forces that are against her ideas to modernize Sweden and who have no tolerance for her awakening sexuality.
romance LOL When Lola's boyfriend is unfaithful to her on his summer holiday, she dumps him and flirts with his best friend as punishment. But as their class prepares to leave on an excursion to London, the relationship heats up.
romance Stacy Stacy is about a young man, Tade, who is stuck in a toxic relationship with his crazy girlfriend, Stacy. He decides to look for a way out after an unexpected encounter with Chioma. Tade and Chioma hit it off but can't seem to be together because Stacy is not the type to just sit back and get dumped.
romance Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi Taani (Anushka Sharma), a flamboyant girl, is circumstances force her to marry Surinder (Shahrukh Khan), a quiet and down-to-earth man. Surinder disguises himself as Raj, a fun and outgoing man and is the exact opposite of his true self. Taani is drawn to Raj and they enter a dance competition together. But on the day of the final, she is shocked to see Surinder turn up and not Raj.
romance Wuthering Heights A servant in the house of Wuthering Heights tells a traveler the unfortunate tale of lovers Cathy and Heathcliff.
romance Diana During the last two years of her life, Princess Diana embarks on a final rite of passage: a secret love affair with Pakistani heart surgeon Hasnat Khan.
romance The Name Comedienne Jeon So-min takes a dramatic turn in this poignant romance about two artists who make a life-changing trade: her famous name, for his genius talent.
romance Stars Fell on Alabama Successful Hollywood agent Bryce Dixon is returning to Alabama for the first time in 15 years for his high school reunion. When he learns he's the only one of his friends who isn't married with children, he convinces his client, starlet Madison Belle, to pretend to be his girlfriend. But he soon learns that success has different meanings, and romance may be closer than he thinks.
romance Water in a Broken Glass A talented artist's ascent to fame is challenged when her career is put in jeopardy. While meandering through the throes of a love triangle Tonya Mimms is forced to come to terms with herself, as an artist and a woman.
romance Century London, 1899. An elite group of doctors work under the leadership of the eminent Professor Mandry. Paul, Mandry's confidant and the team's star researcher, is madly in love with strong-willed, uninhibited lab assistant Clara. But his world is shattered when he makes a startling discovery about the Professor.
romance Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham Yashvardhan Raichand is a snobbish man, he breaks ties with his elder son Rahul, for marrying a girl with lower social status. When his younger son Rohan returns home, he is upset to know that his brother no longer lives with them. Rohan decides to reunite his family and goes to London and finds Rahul. But, the question is will he be successful in convincing his egoistic father for a reunion?
romance Dil Chahta Hai Three superstars Aamir Khan, Saif Ali Khan and Akshaye Khanna come together to make the most spectacular romantic comedy in the history of Bollywood. The story is about three inseparable childhood friends having distinct personalities, who discover themselves on their journey to find true love. As the title defines, the story is about following your heart in love.
romance Broderick Crawford in The Mob Crime Detective Film Noir Detective 1952 Classic The Mob is a 1951 film noir crime thriller film directed by Robert Parrish starring Broderick Crawford and Richard Kiley. The actor Charles Bronson makes one of his first film appearances as a longshoreman and was uncredited.
romance Christmas on the Bayou A divorced workaholic executive goes back to her hometown to spend Christmas with her son and mother. Through a rekindled romance and a small miracle, she discovers where her heart truly belongs.
romance The Little Foxes (1941) The ruthless, moneyed Hubbard clan lives in, and poisons, their part of the deep South at the turn of the twentieth century.
romance Akron Benny and Christopher, college freshmen, meet playing football and begin a relationship, with the support of their family and friends. As their love for each other grows, a past tragic event involving their mothers comes to light, testing their relationship and threatening to divide Benny's close-knit family.
romance Crush The friendship between three successful 40-something women is threatened when one falls for a younger man.
romance Life Partners Sasha (Leighton Meester) and Paige (Gillian Jacobs) use their co dependent friendship to not venture into the dating world. When Paige meets Tim (Adam Brody) and get serious their friendship changes. Sasha tries to keep their relationship the same.
romance Jab Tak Hai Jaan Samar Anand (Shah Rukh Khan), a poor musician on the streets of London, becomes a bomb-disposal expert for the Indian Army after Meera(Katrina Kaif), the woman of his dreams, leaves him. While in the army, he meets a Discovery channel journalist, Akira (Anushka Sharma), who brings him back to London after 10 years. Is fate playful enough to reunite Samar with his long-lost love?
romance Pati Patni Aur Woh Chintu Tyagi is an ordinary, middle class man who finds himself torn between his wife and another woman.
romance From Zero To I Love You Pete Logsdon is just a guy in Philadelphia who happens to have a history of getting involved with married men. His father and his soon-to-be step mom are on him to find someone who's actually available and to settle down. Instead, he finds a man named Jack who is fifteen years into a perfect marriage with two beautiful children and an enviable wife.
romance The Wake of Light Mary has spent her entire life caring for her aging father after he suffered a stroke when she was a little girl. One day, Mary meets Cole (Matt Bush from TV's "The Goldbergs"), a young man passing through town on a cross-country road trip. Cole falls for Mary and asks her to leave home and join him on his journey. Mary must choose between the responsibility to her father or a chance at love.
romance Ek Tha Tiger (English Subtitled) RAW agent Tiger is on a mission to retrieve information from a scientist in Dublin.
romance One Night Max and Olivia are the loves of their lives but one night can change everything.
romance Christmas Recipe for Romance Abby enters into a cooking contest in hopes of winning the cash prize to save her family-run Inn. The only problem is that she's a bit of a disaster in the kitchen. But when a Christmas miracle has renowned chef Jason Corwin as a guest at the Inn, she recruits him to help and the kitchen isn't the only thing that is heating up.
romance Boys (English Subtitled) In this beautiful and uplifting gay romance, two teen track stars discover first love as they train for the biggest relay race of their young lives.
romance Hello Guru Prema Kosame After a rocky start, a friendship develops between a happy-go-lucky youth and a girl from the city.
romance Pal Joey Joey Evans (Frank Sinatra) is charming, handsome, funny, and talented. When Joey meets the former chorus girl and now is the rich widow, Vera Simpson (Rita Hayworth), the pair of lecherous souls seem made for each other.
romance Mister Mister is a story about the power of first love and family bonding. In a small village in the Telugu States, an elderly man Pichaya naidu, is the revered village head and commands immense respect from the villagers.
romance Friends and Crocodiles Paul Reynolds is a Gatsby-like figure: owner of a magnificent house, a host of grand parties, and a collector of interesting people. He persuades Lizzie Thomas to come and work for him. Lizzie quickly rises through the changing landscape of corporate Britain. This is a story of a meaningful and powerful relationship, about those rare people who profoundly influence and shape our lives.
romance Wonder Wheel WONDER WHEEL tells the story of four characters whose lives intertwine amid the hustle and bustle of the Coney Island amusement park in the 1950s.
romance Touch A woman's affair with her blind masseur leads to dark consequences.
romance Lockdowners Three friends, frustrated by being forced to stay at home during lockdown, find their love lives under pressure from living in isolation. With human contact only through their phones and computers, they struggle to adapt to a new way of living and loving.
romance Raabta A woman crosses paths with her reincarnated lover from a previous lifetime.
romance Enchantment Uncle Rollo finally retires to the house he was brought up in. Lost in thoughts of his lost love, Lark, he does not want to be disturbed in his last days. However, the appearance of his niece and the subsequent romance between her and Lark's nephew causes him to reevaluate his life and offer some advice so the young couple don't make the same mistake he did, all those years ago.
romance Spring An English girl has her life uprooted by her mom for her last year of High School. As if it wasn't hard enough leaving behind what is familiar, this small American town holds past memories for her as she spent years there as a child. Although, the hazy recollections and past history are only a small piece in the uncertainty of teenagehood.
romance Apocalypse A Go Go On the night of a solar flare predicted to destroy the earth, five strangers with nowhere to go and no one to be with gather in one house for an Apocalypse Party. With a wide array of personalities attending, The Host oversees the gathering as the attendees take tours through each other's memories, divulging intimate secrets and past lives.
romance Anna Karenina - Vronsky's Story During Russian-Japanese War, the head of the hospital Sergey Karenin learns that the wounded officer Count Vronsky is the person who ruined his mother Anna Karenina.
romance Life in Color Two depressed loners stuck house sitting together have 3 weeks to turn their lives around.
romance Dear Santa A young woman who comes from a life of privilege falls for the owner of a soup kitchen after discovering a Dear Santa letter written by his seven year old daughter.
romance Sugar Daddy When a struggling musician can't afford her rent, she signs up for a website where rich older men pay to date younger women. Her new money-making venture sends her down a dark rabbit hole that forces her to grow up fast, shaping her music, and how she sees the world.
romance The Pride of The Yankees The story of the life and career of famed baseball player Lou Gehrig.
romance Snowbound for Christmas Rachel is excited about her new job as a marketing exec at a real estate development firm. Eager to impress Adrian, her boss, Rachel lands a spot on a big project. Before the presentation, a snowstorm traps her and Adrian at a resort where they realize there is more to their relationship than just business.
romance DINNER Mike Okafor is invited by his childhood friend and buddy, Adetunde George Jnr, to have DINNER and spend the weekend with him and his fiancée Lola Coker as they plan for their upcoming wedding. Mikey decides to come along with his girlfriend Diane Bassey, as he plans to propose to her. Things get out of hand when they arrive at Adetunde's house and they get to find out secrets about each other
romance Kuch Kuch Hota Hai 'Kuch Kuch Hota Hai' is a Bollywood blockbuster of all times, a coming-of-age rom-com involving two love triangles set in different phases of life. Two best friends Anjali and Rahul are set apart, when a new girl named, Tina, enters Rahul's life. Years later, deceased Tina's daughter takes it upon herself to reunite the estranged lovers. But, Anjali is engaged to Aman. Who will Anjali choose now?
romance Majili A former cricket player nursing his wounds of a failed relationship takes up the task of training his ex-lover's daughter and in the process discovers his feelings towards his wife and her unrequited love for him.
romance Band Baaja Baaraat Shruti (Anushka Sharma), girl in her 20's, focused, determined as well ambitious. Bittoo (Ranveer Singh), on the other hand, has no real aim in life. They become partners in their very own “Wedding planning ka bijness”. Together, their friendship and business, enters the ups and downs of the lavish Delhi weddings and while trying to find themselves, Shruti and Bittoo discover each other.
romance OK Jaanu Adi and Tara move to Bombay to pursue their dreams. A chance meeting sparks off a heady, no strings attached romance until their careers pull them apart. Will ambition prevail over matters of the heart?
romance Choosi Choodangaane Choosi Choodangane is a coming of age rom-com story about a photographer Siddu (Shiva Kandukuri) who meets and falls in love with musician Shruthi (Varsha Bollama) after a painful break-up in his college days with Aishwarya (Malavika). The rest of the story is about how Siddu-Shruthi's love propels towards a happy ending with twists.
romance I Am Watching You Nora’s life is at a stand-still when she gets writer’s block for her new book deal, but that quickly dissipates as she catches glimpses of her neighbor’s love life through the window. And when the two finally meet, their physical affair gives Nora inspiration for her book.
romance Sunshine State A woman (Angela Bassett) and her new husband returns to her hometown roots in coastal northern Florida, and must deal with family, business, and encroaching real estate development.
romance The Forbidden Dance When the Brazilian rainforest home of young Princess Nisa is threatened by greedy American businesses, she travels to Los Angeles to find a way to stop the rainforest destruction herself. When a young man who loves to dance crosses her path, and together they enter a televised lambada contest, Nisa might have found the answer to her prayers.
romance Marjaavaan Young couple Raghu and Zoya enjoy their lives together until a vertically challenged gang leader with harmful intentions turns their world upside down.
romance Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge When Raj (Shahrukh Khan) & Simran (Kajol) first met on an inter-rail holiday in Europe, it wasn’t exactly Love at first sight but when Simran is taken back to India for an arranged marriage, things change. Encouraged by his father Dharamvir (Anupam Kher), Raj decides to fly down from London to not just win his Bride but her whole family and the blessings of her father Baldev Singh (Amrish Puri).
romance First Love The film is the prolific auteur, Takashi Miike, at his most fun and anarchic, a noir-tinged yakuza film blending genres in the story of a young boxer and a call girl, who fall passionately in love while getting innocently caught up in a drug-smuggling scheme over the course of one night in Tokyo.
romance Paagal Prem is one kind of a guy who desperately searches for a girl to fall in love with, he proposes to every girl who comes across.  Ends up finding true love but tangled with challenges.
romance Those People On Manhattan's gilded Upper East Side, a younger painter, Charlie, finds the man of his dreams in an older pianist from across the globe, Tim. If only Charlie weren't secretly in love with his own manipulative best friend, Sebastian, who is embroiled in a financial scandal. In the wake of Sebastian's notoriety, their tight-knit group of friends must confront the new realities of adulthood.
romance Oh My Kadavule Two childhood friends, Anu and Arjun, decide to get married. However, their marital life becomes complicated due to misunderstandings and miscommunication which leads to a divorce.
romance Priyasakhi Priya, a rich girl, marries Sakhi, a middle-class man. As soon as they get married, problems arise mostly because Priya is unable to adjust in Sakhi's household and compromise with his ideology.
romance Tiger Orange Chet and Todd, estranged gay brothers, grew up in a small town in Central California with a homophobic, working class single father. While Todd ran off to Los Angeles and is now out and proud, Chet stayed at home and remained mostly closeted. Broke and homeless, Todd returns to the brother he left behind. Resentments boil to the surface as "Tiger Orange" serves a depiction of family dynamics.
romance His Girl Friday A newspaper editor uses every trick in the book to keep his ace reporter ex-wife from remarrying.
romance Getting Go: The Go Doc Project After becoming infatuated with a beautiful New York go-go dancer, college boy Doc devises a plan to get close to his crush by asking him to be the main subject in a makeshift documentary. But as they grow closer, flirtation blurs the line between subject and filmmaker and Doc is confronted with more than he could ever have imagined.
romance The Real Glory A small American contingent tries to train rural tribesmen to defend themselves against fanatical Muslim radicals in 1906 Philippines.
romance Dripping In Chocolate Juliana Lovece is busy working in her boutique chocolate shop on a wet, miserable night in Sydney when a vicious murder is perpetrated just outside her door. Then, Homicide Detective Bennett OMara enters Juliana's world with questions. Why was a girl with no identification found strangled to death with fairy lights, with the only clue a chocolate wrapper from Juliana's shop found in her pocket?
romance Pit Stop In this compelling drama, openly gay Ernesto and closeted Gabe grapple with the sad tribulations of being gay in a small, working-class Texas town. Reminiscent of such classic rural gay love stories as "Big Eden" and "Brokeback Mountain," this festival hit is an uplifting love story about male intimacy, the heartache of unsuccessful relationships, and the transformative power of love.
romance Dodsworth A retired auto manufacturer and his wife take a long-planned European vacation only to find that they want very different things from life.
romance Nuvvunte Naa Jathaga It's  a typical Indian middle class drama based on true life incidents. Bhuvi believes life has no higher purpose other than accomplishing love. Ram is a dreamer with an aspiration of becoming Author. The day doesn't take long to arrive when they have to choose between love and dreams.
romance Luxor When British aid worker Hana returns to the ancient city of Luxor, she comes across Sultan, an archeologist and former lover. As she wanders, haunted by the familiar place, she struggles to reconcile the choices of the past with the uncertainty of the present.
romance Past Midnight A man gets out of prison after fifteen years for stabbing his wife to death, and his social worker becomes convinced he was innocent. As she researches his case, and interviews other people who were involved, she begins to fall in love with him, as her friends warn her that he's dangerous.
romance Sweet Mahogany 2: Pure Indulgence Mahogany Andrews appears to be in the fight for her life as she is battling Tony Hawkins for custody of their daughter, Rachel. However, another fight is beginning to ensue as Cassie Pearson is doing whatever it takes to keep her entire family, which includes Mahogany, together and Khalil Pearson is battling internally to figure out what he truly wants and needs out of life and his marriage.
romance Dear Comrade Dear Comrade is an intense love story between Bobby (Vijay Deverakonda), a student union leader and Lily (Rashmika Mandanna) a state-level cricketer. Bobby has anger management issues, which he needs to overcome and fight for his love.
romance Aashiqui 2 Rahul loses his fans and fame due to alcoholism. But he then decides to turn a small time singer into a rising star.
romance Sayonara An American jet ace has a poignant affair with the star performer of a famed Japanese acting company.
romance The Red Shoes In this classic romantic dance drama, a young ballerina struggles to become a star, only to find herself caught between the possessive dance impresario who has helped build her career, and the handsome young composer who adores her.
romance Who Gets The Dog Six years after saying "I do," Olive (Silverstone) and Clay (Kwanten) call it quits. And although they split amicably, both want custody of their beloved dog Wesley. With everything at stake, can man's best friend find a way to reunite the couple?
romance We'll Take Manhattan A look at the love affair between 1960s supermodel Jean Shrimpton and photographer David Bailey.
romance Stella Dallas (1937) A working-class woman is willing to do whatever it takes to give her daughter a socially promising future.
romance Photograph Coming soon to theaters. A struggling Mumbai street photographer pressured to marry by his grandmother convinces a shy stranger to pose as his fiancée during a family visit. Despite vast cultural differences, the pair develops a surprising connection that challenges their worldviews in a wistful and funny romance from Ritesh Batra (The Lunchbox).
romance The Yousers A wife's suspicion about her husbands infidelity turns into an obsession for the woman he is suspected of cheating with.
romance Ladies vs Ricky Bahl Three very different girls (Parineeti Chopra, Dipannita Sharma & Aditi Sharma) each get taken for a lot of money by three men. It's actually just one suave & charming con-man - Ricky Bahl (Ranveer Singh). These three women vow to take down Ricky Bahl. Enter Ishika Desai (Anushka Sharma), a young & ambitious girl with street smart ways. It's the Ladies vs Ricky Bahl.<NL>
romance Shake It All About A romantic comedy about Jacob and Caroline falling in love. A simple matter apart from the fact that Jacob has a relationship with Jorgen and Caroline lives with the SAS pilot Tom, who happens to be Jorgen's brother. The question is how many scratches you can take before you end up with the one you really love.
romance Love and Hostages Two strangers have a one-night stand and awaken with no memory of the night before, only to realize they are trapped together due to a police lock-down on the building.
romance Meri Pyaari Bindu A successful writer, Abhimanyu Roy (Ayushmann Khurrana) returns to his roots to write an old-fashioned love story, 3 years in the making. This writer's block is called Bindu (Parineeti Chopra). How do you contain this live wire in the pages of a book? When Abhi stumbles across an old audio cassette of their favourite playlist, it sends him down memory lane and his novel starts writing itself.
romance Rocky (Hindi) A young man with a lackadaisical attitude is thrust head-first into a world of violence after he decides to seek vengeance against an evil villain.
romance My Beautiful Laundrette In this powerful and ground-breaking film from director Stephen Frears, a young Pakistani man (Gordon Warnecke) and his former lover (Daniel Day-Lewis) take over management of a seedy laundrette with dreams of turning it into a veritable palace!
romance Brick Lane A young Bangladeshi woman, Nazneen, arrives in 1980s London, leaving behind her beloved sister and home, for an arranged marriage and a new life. Trapped within the four walls of her flat in East London, and in a loveless marriage with the middle aged Chanu, Nazneen struggles to accept her new life. Then one day, the hotheaded young Karim comes knocking at her door.
romance A Fall City Christmas With nowhere to go, a discouraged and recently paroled thief, Jon Price, is forced to return to his small hometown right before Christmas. Unexpectedly, he meets a struggling, single mother who lives her life with hope and shows him kindness through gentle compassion. But when Jon's past resurfaces and he loses his job, he must then decide what he's willing to give up to keep his newfound joy.
romance Boston to Philly The cult classic drama that chronicles the life of "Boston," a young male struggling with his identity and his ability to form real relationships in his new city of Philadelphia after a tragic accident takes the lives of his family.
romance The Wedding Night This romantic tragedy centers on the star-crossed love between a troubled and married writer and the beautiful Polish girl who becomes his inspiration. As the girl and the writer get to know each other, he learns that her stern father has betrothed her to a man she does not love.
romance Ek Tha Tiger Tiger (Salman Khan) India’s top spy, is sent on a mission to Dublin to observe a scientist who is suspected of sharing information with the Pakistan defense. He meets the scientist’s part time home caretaker, Zoya (Katrina Kaif). As Tiger begins to get closer, he falls in love. What follows is a tumultuous journey that Tiger & Zoya embark upon, battling the dark world of intelligence and espionag
romance Oh Ship! It's a Family Trip Hannah will do whatever it takes to ensure her father's wedding never takes place. Until now, it was always Hannah and her dad against the world -- but he's fallen in love with another single parent, AND she comes with a son. Blended families aren't Hannah's thing, so she concocts a plan to sink their cruise ship holiday and the wedding at the center of it all.
romance Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi This is a story of Surinder Sahni (Shahrukh Khan) - a simple, clean hearted, honest man, leading a humdrum life, when he meets his total opposite and finds love in the flamboyant, fun-loving, vivacious - Taani (Anushka Sharma). What follows is a journey filled with laughter, tears, joy, pain, music, dance...that makes us believe that there is an extraordinary love story in every ordinary couple.
romance The Christmas Candle Legend has it every 25 years an angel touches a single candle, and whomever lights this candle receives a miracle on Christmas Eve. But in 1890, at the dawn of the electric age, this centuries old legend may come to an end when a progressive young minister arrives. Now, the fiery candlemaker must fight to preserve the legacy of the Christmas Candle. From bestselling author, Max Lucado.
romance Seventeen (Siebzhen) Somewhere in Austria, seventeen-year-old boarding school pupil Paula, is secretly in love with her friend Charlotte. But Charlotte's with Michael. Lovelorn, Paula decides to get involved with schoolmate Tim, whose feelings for her are genuine. And then there's Lilli, who is just dying for someone to fancy her. Paula must decide if she wants to follow her own feelings or yield to other people's.
romance Lost at Christmas In this feel-good festive romance, two strangers come together to try and get home for Christmas.
romance Four In a nameless, suburban American town, the smell of barbeque fills the air as Fourth of July celebrations move from a hot summer day into night. And for just this night, the small world of four strangers will become even smaller, as their lives collide and sex, lies, desires and truths are revealed.
romance Jaanu Ram is a travel photographer and reminisces his school days. In 2004, while he was at high school, he develops feelings for Jaanu, a talented singer, and she reciprocates as well. After their board exams, Jaanu tells Ram not to forget her until they meet again after the holidays.A school reunion is arranged through their school WhatsApp group. Ram and Jaanu meet after 15 years.
romance All I Want for Christmas A young skilled executive unexpectedly is granted an extraordinary Christmas wish. While first using her new-found power to get ahead at work, she soon learns to become a better person, turning an office rivalry into romance while learning the true meaning of Christmas along the way.
romance Old Gringo In 1913, Harriet (Jane Fonda) accepts a job as a governess in Mexico. While there, Harriet is thrown into the middle of the Mexican revolution where she attracts the attentions of two very different men: an elderly American gentleman (Gregory Peck) who has come to Mexico to die, and General Arroyo (Jimmy Smits) who is fighting for the freedom of his people.
romance The Love Between Us Set in New York city. This is a love story of a young immigrant couple from Nigeria. Efosa (Keturah King) chose to marry Nosa (Felix Omozusi) for love over marrying Desmond (Joseph Benjamin) for wealth and security. When hard times rocks their relationship like a storm, will love be enough to hold their marriage together? or will Efose reconsider her choice?
romance Boynton Beach Club A romantic comedy about our amazing capacity to rebound and fall in love at any age.
romance Boy Meets Girl A romantic dramedy for the 21st century about a trans teen who dreams of being a fashion designer and finds herself falling for her best friend since childhood.
romance Notebook Kabir comes to Kashmir to be a school teacher. The school is situated in the middle of the remote Wuller lake, lacking basic amenities and attended by just a handful of students. At the school Kabir finds a notebook left behind by the previous year's teacher Firdaus and that changes his entire life. Happy and heart-warming Notebook is about two people finding love in the most unexpected way.
romance The Liberation Of L.B. Jones A wealthy undertaker seeks to engage a respected lawyer to represent him in a divorce action against his young wife.
romance Tru Love A widow, recovering from the death of her husband, comes to the big city to spend time with her busy professional daughter. Instead, she forges and unlikely relationship with a commitment-phobic lesbian who has a past with her daughter.
romance Do You Wanna Dance? Billy Duncan, a dance instructor, has fallen on hard times and is sentenced to community service time. His assignment? To give dance lessons to elderly parishioners at a local Greek church. Reluctant at first, Billy soon finds himself falling in love with a wealthy parishioner's daughter. With the help of an off-beat Priest, Billy is inspired into teaching dance again and taking a chance on love.
romance Padi Padi Leche Manasu Set in Kolkata, the romantic drama chronicles the shared destiny of a young couple as they navigate through the highs and lows of a budding relationship.
romance Tum Bin II Taran (Neha Sharma) finds solace in Shekhar (Aditya Seal) while coping with the untimely death of her boyfriend Amar (Aashim Gulati). Love eventually finds a way as Shekhar helps Taran get on with her life. His companionship heals her wounds and almost mends her broken heart, until fate comes knocking!
romance Raja Rani John and Regina, who dislike each other, are forced to get married and lead troubled lives. However, things take a turn when the couple suffers a sudden tragedy.
romance Test Set in the early years of the AIDS epidemic, this powerful drama follows a young dancer as he navigates gay life and the modern dance scene in 1980s San Francisco. Starring dance Scott Marlowe, Matthew Risch (HBO's Looking), and featuring captivating dance sequences especially choreographed for the film by acclaimed U.S. choreographer Sidra Bell
romance Maara When Paaru sees a fairy tale she heard from a stranger as a child painted across the walls of a coastal town, she goes in search of the man who painted it—Maara.
romance Sufna Sufna, Dream, there is saying that, “dream is not, which you have while sleeping, dream is the one, which doesn’t let you sleep. This is story about that kind of dream. How a young man from very humble background achieve, what he aims for, and in this journey how a young girl from humble background only, become his back bone, become his strength and motivational source.
romance Loveyatri - The Journey of Love Loveyatri is a contemporary love story of Sushrut and Michelle, which revolves around the festival of Navratri. Sushrut and Michelle’s blossoming relationship hits a deadlock and she travels back to UK. Sushrut travels to the UK, to win back his love. it is a musical roller coaster ride of friendship, family, love and relationships culminating with a lot of colour, lights and festivities.
romance The Competition While competing against each other in a music contest, two pianists (Richard Dreyfuss, Amy Irving) fall in love and must battle to stay together in case either of them wins. Oscar-nominated for Best Song and Best Film Editing.
romance Sandeep Aur Pinky Faraar Sandeep, a bank executive & Pinky, a suspended cop, are marked for a kill. Phones tapped, accounts blocked, they escape but escaping is not freedom.
romance Junooniyat Captain Jahan Bakshi rescues a Punjabi girl, Suhani. This starts a friendship that evolves into a passionate love affair.
romance Now is Good A teenage girl dying of leukemia compiles a list of things she would like to do before passing away. Topping the list is her desire to lose her virginity.
romance Lakshya This is a story that talks about a young lazy boy, Karan Shergill (Hrithik Roshan), who has no aim in life and later transforms himself into a responsible army officer. The movie depicts Karan's true dedication towards his goal because of his love, Romi (Preity Zinta). Soon, Romi gets engaged to another man. The lovers meet again in Kargil where Karan is at war. Will the two re-unite again?
romance I Love Us When a man born into a crime syndicate falls in love with a single mother, the existence he's never questioned collides with his hope to become a loving husband and father. After a life-altering event, it becomes evident that his life of corruption must come to an end, but there's only one way out-a job that will free him from the syndicate and offer his new family the life they deserve.
romance Luv Ni Love Storys The plot follows Luv through various stages of his life and many of his relationships. In pursuit of the one true love of his life, he ends up leading himself to a trippy roller-coaster ride of multiple relationships. Will his experiences make him lose his faith in love or make him look for it even more desperately?
romance Ragala 24 Gantallo Vidya is happily married to Rahul until tragedy strikes with her husband's death - and she is the one responsible. She becomes the prime suspect during the investigation headed by ACP Narasimha. With growing suspicion and an unending maze of mystery, a secret is revealed which turns everyone's lives upside down.
romance Naam A group of college students is on their way to Chennai to meet someone extraordinary, for a noble mission. What makes them undertake the mission?
romance Baabul After his son's death, Balraj tries to get Millie, his daughter-in-law, to marry Rajat, her childhood friend. However, Millie's reluctance and opposition from his family members obstruct his plan.
romance Jab Tak Hai Jaan Samar (Shah Rukh Khan) meets Meera (Katrina Kaif) in London & they fall in love. Samar however meets with a serious accident & Meera vows to God to leave Samar, if He allowed him to live. Samar angered with God, becomes a bomb disposal chief in the Indian Army. Here he meets Akira (Anushka Sharma). Is Akira able to unravel the mysteries, does Samar win the battle, or does God surrender to his love?
romance Lamhe Viren (Anil Kapoor) comes to India, he is captivated by Pallavi (Sridevi). When he learns she's spoken for, he returns. When he gets the news of Pallavi and her husband dying and leaving their daughter Pooja (Sridevi) behind, Viren ensures she is taken care of. 20 years on, Viren comes back to India and sees Pooja - a spitting image of her mother! What follows is a life-changing turn of events.
romance Fasten Your Seatbelt Elena (Kasia Smutniak) and Antonio (Francesco Arca) seem not to be made for each other. They are too different in terms of character, life choices, worldview, and the way they relate to others. They are total opposites. However, they are overwhelmed by a mutual attraction they're trying hard to avoid; but to which they succumb to.
romance Dil Hai Tumhara Shalu falls in love with her employer's son Dev, but is forced to choose between her mother's love and Dev's love when her mother proposes the marriage of Shalu's elder sister with Dev. Problems worsen when she finds out the truth about her lineage.
romance Different Worlds A Nigerian man travels to America for adventure and has a life changing encounter with a New Orleans artist.
romance That Day We Sang This musical rooted in Manchester in 1969 tells the story of two lonely middle-aged people who are able to grab a second chance at life, reconnected to their emotions by the power of music.
romance Mohabbatein MOHABBATEIN is a battle between two men who have opposing beliefs. Raj Aryan (Shahrukh Khan) supports love and would go to any extent for it. Narayan Shankar (Amitabh Bachchan) heads India’s most prestigious educational institute, stands for fear and believes that love leads to pain and weakness. It is also the love stories of 3 young couples who realize what will finally triumph, love or fear.
romance Love Letters An ambitious U.S. Senator reflects back on his life after the death of a woman whom he loved and kept in contact with only through correspondence. The movie is told in flashbacks as the two first meet as children and begin their lifelong correspondence. He grows into his political aspirations and leaves her behind, as she becomes a struggling artist. While he is successful, she has a rocky life.
romance Swapnarajyam (The Dreamland) A youngster hailing from a middle-class family must face off against overwhelming odds to succeed in life
romance Rocky (Marathi) A young man with a lackadaisical attitude is thrust head-first into a world of violence after he decides to seek vengeance against an evil villain.
romance Rummy College students, Shakthi and Joseph, fall in love with two sisters. When the girls' family learns of their affairs, they are ready to go to any length to save their honour.
romance Preetam A tale of love that comes alive through the beauty of Konkan between a dark skinned guy who falls head over heels in love with the most beautiful girl in his village. Will he succeed in completing his love story...
romance Raja Hindustani A young taxi driver and a rich city girl fall head over heels in love with each other. Defying her family, she marries him and relocates to his village. But her family weaves a web of deception to split them apart.
romance Carmen The free and enigmatic nature of Carmen, a woman of great beauty and passionate character, makes José, a military man, become the victim and protagonist of turbulent love affairs and uncontrollable passions, immersed in a chain of fatalism, jealousy and blood.
romance The King Maker In 1547, a young mercenary soldier hunts for the murderer of his father.  When his ship sinks in the Indian Ocean, he is washed up on a beach, captured, and sold into slavery.  A young woman buys his freedom, and they fall in love.  When the King declares war on a nearby territory, the soldier is forced into battle.  His courage wins him the right to be the personal guard of the King.
romance Come and Get It An ambitious lumberjack abandons his saloon girl lover so that he can marry into wealth, but years later becomes infatuated with the woman's daughter.
romance Love Story Cao Aiai is an assistant in an advertising company. Zhan Shaoang is the only son of a rich family who just ran away from an unwilling wedding. When Cai Aiai just tried to learn to drive a car, she happened to hit Mr. Zhan. After Mr. Zhan woke up in the hospital, He lost some memories temporarily. Cao Aiai brings him back to her room and takes care of him. Here comes their comedy love story.
romance In Search of Fellini Based on a true adventure by Nancy Cartwright, 'In Search of Fellini' follows Lucy, a young girl from Ohio, who discovers the delightfully odd films of Federico Fellini and sets off on a journey across Italy to find him.
romance Eternal Beauty When Jane (Sally Hawkins) is dumped at the altar she has a breakdown and spirals into a chaotic world, where love (both real and imagined) and family relationships collide with both touching and humorous consequences.
romance Beta Raju, heir to millions of riches, is devoted to his manipulative stepmother who, in turn, exploits his love and simplicity and ploys to extort his wealth. But when Raju's newly-wed wife sees through her plan, she staunchly opposes her, which sets off a war of wits between the two women.
romance It Had to Be You Surprised by a sudden proposal and subsequent ultimatum from her boyfriend, Sonia embarks on a bumpy, raunchy journey of self-discovery.
romance Dil Bole Hadippa 'No girls' rule stops Veera, a young girl with an exceptional talent in cricket, from entering the selection process for the Indian cricket team participating in the 'Aman Cup'. She disguises herself as a man -'Veer'and gets selected in the team for her talent. Rohan, the coach of the team, falls in love with Veera while she was NOT dressed as a man. Will Rohan accept Veera when her cover's blown?
romance Secret Lives An attractive art professor is forced to journey into her past to discover the truth about her marriage, her deceased husband and the truth about her former married life.
romance Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna The movie sheds light on two suffocating marriages which depart lives and drift them towards an extramarital affair outside to fill the gap. Starring Shahrukh Khan, Abhishek, Preity and Rani in a romantic drama depicting true lives bounded in a relationship which has released its warmth over a period. Will these four be able to find their way out of their marriages or will accept their fate?
romance Yeh Dillagi Vicky falls in love with Sapna, the family chauffeur's daughter who is now a top model. But inspite of Sapna's success, Shanti refuses to accept a driver's daughter as her daughter-in-law. To help Vicky, his brother Vijay takes it upon himself to convince his mother. But upon meeting Sapna, Vijay falls in love with her, further complicating the situation.
romance Ninna Sanihake Set in Bengaluru, Ninna Sanihake is a romantic comedy that follows the story of a young millennial couple, Aditya and Amrutha, who meet each other at a prank-off and grow to be lovers. Eventually, they get into a live-in relationship and discover each other as they try to overcome family troubles, societal norms, and trust issues that threaten their future. Will their love stand the test of time?
romance Romang In this heart-wrenching drama, an elderly couple married for forty-five years both begin to suffer from dementia. But even as their memories fade, their love only grows stronger.
romance Come Out Fighting A classic tale of love and survival in the brutal world of bare knuckle fighting. Powerfully told and acted by a wonderful ensemble of actors. Jazz desperately looks for a way out of the dark past that haunts him and the violence he faces as a bare knuckle fighter. Gia leads a lonely life while trying to corral her out of control brother "Fast Buck" Freddie who only dreams of a big and easy score.
romance Nagina Rajiv, however, is in love with an orphan named Rajni. Rajni wins Rajiv's mother over and they are allowed to marry. All goes well until a snake charmer, Bhairo Nnath, arrives on the scene and tells the mother that her daughter-in-law is a reptilian shape-shifter with evil intentions. Bhairo Nnath knows more than he is telling.
romance Osthe Velan hates his stepfather and his half-brother Balan. As a police officer, he makes an enemy in a local politician, who uses the hostility between the stepbrothers to fulfil his own nefarious plans.
romance Game on A loving couple being set up by an ex boyfriend being a con in other to get a share of the wife's huge inheritance he succeeded by using and expert who brings division among the couples and later ignite personal ego, which leads to ten playing a vindictive game to mix their marriage
romance Loving As Hitler rampages across Europe, a new world order is emerging in the untouched claustrophobic haven of Ireland's Kinalty Castle. The old butler is dead. Mr Raunce is new, rapacious and vulgar. A shocking deception propels him and the beautiful maid Edith into each other's arms. When Raunce realizes his ambitions exceed his nerve, he and Edith must choose between love and escape.
romance Please Don't Save Me A young daughter and her mother struggle for a new start after her father passed away.
romance Ringolevio Ada, a reserved young woman with a passion for entomology, travels north to meet her girlfriend's family, but struggles to find common ground.
romance Enclosed Three freinds with different phases in marriage, regardless of their controversy, they came to one point of solution...
romance First Lady "First Lady" is a romantic comedy about a woman, not married to the president, who runs for the office of First Lady. This modern fairytale is about two people who reunite later in life to find their happily ever after.
romance Go Now Nick Cameron is happy with his mates, his football and a new girlfriend. But his world falls apart when he becomes diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. Authentic and unsentimental, Go Now is a poignant love story, powerful drama and razor-sharp comedy, partly based on co-writer Paul Powell's personal experiences of MS.
romance Temptation Lifelong friends lean on each other following a breakup until the lines of their friendship blur.
romance The Family Tree Victor has always loved the end of the year holiday celebrations and since he was young, he would create explosive life size dolls made from newspaper and fireworks to celebrate. However, this holiday season will prove unforgettable as Victor's latest creation comes to life to disrupt and enlighten him on the true meaning of love, friendship, and family.
romance Happy 40th Happy 40th is an engrossing, festival-winning drama about Sophia, a woman turning 40. Sophia invites her three best friends over for her first weekend of celebration and reunion, since her self-imposed two year isolation after a car accident left her paralyzed. During the party these lifelong friendships and her marriage will be taken to the breaking point due to revelations of betrayal and Anger.
romance Framed An aspiring photographer actions are challenged by his feminist best friend after he secretly takes pictures of his barely dressed neighbor.
romance Threebound Breakups happen. Boy meets girl. Boy likes girl; girl likes boy. Boy and girl decide to sleep with 3 other people first, to avoid the rebound relationship.
romance American Visa After being denied an American visa, a Bolivian professor becomes involved in a web of criminal activities, holds-up the American consulate and falls for a beautiful prostitute from the Bolivian lowlands.
romance Simhasanam A village head Madhav Reddy is highly reputed for his integrity. Trouble starts when rival clan makes conspiracy against Madhav Reddy to rule the Chandragiri constituency. In spite of all toughest odds a medical student, lover boy Arjun son of Madhav Reddy turns dynamic and takes revenge, and finally corners rivals to their destiny in a powerful way.
romance Hum Tum Karan (Saif Ali Khan) is a cartoonist. His characters Hum and Tum reflect the strange love-hate relationship between men and women. Rhea (Rani Mukerji) is a sensitive, self-confident girl. Initially, they have very little in common. As life would have it, their paths keep crossing and over the course of a decade, their relationship evolves, from hate to mutual respect, friendship and finally love.
romance Bachna Ae Haseeno "Meet Raj (Ranbir Kapoor),who keeps falling in love. It’s not his fault that he’s a heartbreaker. Come discover his three love stories; Raj & Mahi (Minissha Lamba), Raj & Radhika (Bipasha Basu), Raj & Gayatri (Deepika Padukone). Different ladyloves at different times in his life. And each of them, teach him a little bit about love & a little bit about life, in their own sweet, sexy or sassy way.
romance Waiting for You Paul (Morgan) investigates his late father's increasingly disturbing past and becomes suspicious of the mysterious, melancholic, and possibly dangerous Madeleine (Ardant).
romance Pinky Moge Wali 2 A complicated love story between Fateh, Pinky and Roger. While Fateh is a pure Punjabi desi guy, Pinky goes to Canada for further studies. She returns after 5 years with a boyfriend, Roger. Who will she choose in the end?
romance Diljale Raja Saab, unaccepting of his daughter's relationship with Shyam, defames and murders Shyam's father. Years later, Shyam returns in search of vengeance.
romance L.A. Without a Map A British writer pursues a young actress to Hollywood and needs all the help he can get to win her love.
romance Sex and Chocolate Bev, a warm and cuddly wife and mum who is happy with her life, but can't help wishing for a bit of excitement now and again. So when she bumps into an old flame who wants to whisk her away to Paris, she is torn between wanting to go and not wanting to hurt her husband. Will she or won't she? Her would-be lover is ridiculously persistent.
romance Ardha Shathabdham After five decades of Independence, India's rural landscape still throws up unanswerable questions. Can a love story bring a revolution? Witness this earthy love story of Ardhashatabdam set in the early 2000s.
romance Poor Liza A beautiful, pure, innocent peasant girl from a neighboring village is romanced by a seductive handsome yet cunning aristocrat. The Russian Empire's 18th Century class system is exposed in a drama phantasma as the author of the sentimentalist movement, Nikolai Karamzin appears as a ghostly narrator to lament this tale of betrayal and the unraveling of a youthful soul at the hands of high society.
romance Broken English Ivan is an embittered Croatian who fled to his wife's native Aukland when war broke out in Bosnia. His drug-running business allows him a comfortable lifestyle, but he's still irritated that his young adult daughters won't mind him. The eldest, Nina, is a waitress who takes up with a colleague, a Maori cook named Eddie, in part because he's attractive but also to annoy her father.
romance Yeh Dillagi Sapna (Kajol) was a frequent visitor to the Saigal mansion as her father was a trusted driver of the family. When she is reminded of her social status by the rich brat Vicky Saigal (Saif Ali Khan), she leaves town to make something of herself. She returns as a successful model and Vicky falls for her. The problem - his elder brother Vijay (Akshay Kumar) is already in love with the same girl.
romance Mumbai Pune Mumbai 3 They fell in love in the first part got married in the second and now its time to extend this most loved family. Gautam and Gauri are expectant parents and the film unfolds this journey of today's couple who will walk this path towards parenthood.
romance Saathiya "Running away from home can’t keep a couple together. Love can. While for most Love Stories, marriage is the goal, the fact remains -marriage is just the beginning. A story of Aditya (Vivek) and Suhani (Rani Mukerji) SAATHIYA continues from where most love stories end. From the infatuation stage when a couple thinks they are in love right through to when they discover the true meaning of love."
romance Theatre: A Love Story Nagata (Yamazaki) is the writer/director of an unpopular theatre troupe. One day, he meets Saki (Matsuoka), a young woman who had come to Tokyo to become an actress, and they fall in love. While Saki sees Nagata's talent and indulges him, he believes that the only way he can make her happy is to succeed as a playwright. But as he struggles to hone his craft, the distance between them grows.
romance Mere Jeevan Saathi A love triangle which involves a rock star, a woman he's always been in love with and his new sensual boss who will stop at nothing to get what she wants, no matter who she hurts in the process.
romance Side Chicks Latifa is a well known love therapist and tv host she recently got engaged to the love of her life and have the best selling book preaching against side chick just for her fans and public to find out that she is a side chick herself, before she finds out herself
romance Barsaat Ki Ek Raat Barsaat Ki Ek Raat Is A Bollywood Romantic Thriller Movie, Directed By Shakti Samanta, Starring Amitabh Bachchan, Raakhee, Amjad Khan And Utpal Dutt In The Lead Roles. Rajini, A Blind Woman, Marries Abhijit, An Inspector, After He Puts A Violent Thug Named Kaaliram Behind Bars. However, Their Married Life Later Turns Into A Nightmare When Kaaliram Is Released.
romance Only Cloud Knows In this poignant romantic drama, a Chinese man mourning the death of his wife returns to New Zealand to revisit their memories together--and discovers that she harbored a number of secrets.
romance The Morning After A hot one-night stand turns into an awkward morning after when GUY and HOLLY get STUCK in a dead-stopped traffic jam. As they begrudgingly get to know each other, we learn of their sexually raucous evening and then they're led to their surprising destiny.
romance Dilwale When Arun is falsely implicated in a murder case, he loses his sanity and is sent to an asylum. However, things take a turn when Vikram, an honest cop, comes to his aid.
romance Never Too Late Decades after Caine, Bronson, Angus and Wendell escaped a POW camp, they've got a new prison - Hogan Hills Retirement Home. But the rules of engagement have changed, and planning an escape is even harder when you can't quite remember them.
romance Dil To Pagal Hai DIL TO PAGAL HAI is the story of Rahul (Shahrukh Khan), who does not believe in love. It is the story of Pooja (Madhuri Dixit), who believes that there is someone who is made for her & she is destined to meet that person. It is the story of Nisha (Karisma Kapoor) who believes that love is friendship & one day her dream will come true. It makes us believe that - someone somewhere is made for us.
romance The Widowing of Mrs Holroyd The Widowing of Mrs Holroyd is a slice of Lawrentian life brought vividly to the screen by Zoe Wanamaker as Lizzie Holroyd and Colin Firth as her boorish husband Charles. The Holroyds scream their lives away until Lizzie falls in love with another man (Stephen Dillane) and wishes her husband dead - a wish that comes horribly true.
romance Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai Sanjay's (Uday Chopra) phone rings. Anjali (Sanjana) his childhood friend is getting married. Observing Sanjay’s reaction to this news, his flatmate Ria (Bipasha Basu) concludes that Sanjay is in love with her. Sanjay sets off on a noble mission - to break the wedding. He meets the groom to be Rohit (Jimmy Shergill) and sets off on his crusade of poisoning the family’s mind against Rohit.
romance Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania Watch this exciting romantic comedy, where the spirited Kavya and the happy-go-lucky Humpty meet at the most unexpected point of their lives. In no time the effortless warmth within them turns into a tale of love, furthermore steering them through a love roller coaster.
romance Thappad Thappad is a story of Amrita whose seemingly perfect life is shattered when her husband slaps her once in a party. But is one slap enough to question what a relationship stands for?
romance Kaatru Veliyidai Kaatru Veliyidai is a passionate love story, between a fighter pilot, VC and a doctor, Leela, that mirrors the picturesque and turbulent Srinagar that it is set in.
romance Chandni In a cruel stroke of fate, Chandni’s (Sridevi) heart is shattered as Rohit (Rishi Kapoor) disappears from her life. When she meets Lalit (Vinod Khanna) who is fighting the demons of tragic memories, they both find solace in this new friendship. Lalit’s affection gives a new direction to Chandni’s life, but Lalit falls for her and Chandni resigns to destiny, till one day, Rohit knocks on her door.
romance Penelope In the vain world of art, innocence perishes. This is Penelope's revelation, a young woman who after getting involved in a spiral of surface encounters, arrives into a world of new and exciting experiences, in a sort of moral abyss in which she will get more and more absorbed/involved.
romance Honeymoon Travels Pvt Ltd The honeymoon trip covers many aspects of life around the lives of six very different married couples travelling together in a bus. The movie brings the lives of each couple closer depicting how each of them deals with their problems differently. The story is filled with real life incidents, comedy and many more hidden secrets, making for an entertaining drama and a must watch!
romance Like Love After a series of (un)fortunate circumstances prompts a two twenty-somethings to become roommates, a friendship is born. Yet their closeness inevitably sends the boy down the rabbit hole of attraction, pushing the girl to make a choice: force herself to fall in love, or risk losing her best friend. This story is a love letter to anyone who found the strength to say "I don't."
romance Abhiyude Katha Anuvinteyum Abhi is the average boy with a job and a lifestyle that borders on the mundane. Anu is an organic farmer in Ooty - a lively girl, passionate about social issues and unafraid to challenge social responsibility and the stigma. They fall in love and swore to always be together, until a strange twist of fate reveals them to be more than just lovers. To what extent will they go to protect their love?
romance The Chef's Wife The wife of a successful chef feels unfulfilled in her rôle as dining-room hostess and consults career counselor, who is herself dissatisfied by her useful but mundane place in the scheme of things.
romance Aaron Loves Angela In New York City, a young black boy and Puerto Rican girl fall in love despite objections from each other's families.
romance White Fire Jewel thieves Bo & Inga target the legendary 'White Fire' diamond - a priceless rock so hot it actually burns those who try to lay their hands on it! They undertake an outrageous plan involving plastic surgery and explosives to infiltrate the mine where the diamond awaits. But the plan hits an unexpected snag with the arrival of smooth-talking badass Noah Barclay.
romance Switzerland The story revolves around a middle-class family, who wishes to travel to Switzerland, but could not afford it due to a certain financial crisis. However, the family faces ample struggles and challenges meeting up their expectations to fulfill their wishes.
romance Crossing Hennessy Set up on a blind date by their meddling families, Loy & Oi Lin initially aren't attracted to each other at all--but as their determined aunts continue to throw them together, they develop a friendship that arouses the suspicions of everyone around them.
romance Oorantha Anukuntunnaru Ramapuram has a weird custom of approving a couple's wedding only if the entire village is okay with it. On the other hand, the elders in the village decide that Mahesh (Naveen) and Gauri (Megha) should get married. But the twist is that Mahesh falls in love with Maya (Sophiya) and Gauri falls in love with Siva (Srinivasa Avasarala). The rest of the story is coming out of this tricky situation.
romance The Myth of Fingerprints The adult children of a conservative New England family return home for Thanksgiving weekend and find themselves forced to come to grips with their family's dysfunction. The prime difficulty comes from the fact that their parents, particularly their already taciturn and enigmatic father, are rapidly distancing themselves from their children.
romance 10 Endrathukulla A driving instructor is ordered by a gangster to take Shakeela, a young woman, to a landlord, Daksha Bhai. But he later learns of a secret that could endanger her life unless he acts fast.
romance Sawan Ki Ghata Sawan Ki Ghata Is A Bollywood Romantic Musical Drama Hindi Movie, Directed By Shakti Samanta, Starring Manoj Kumar, Sharmila Tagore, Mumtaz, Pran and Madan Puri In The Lead Roles. Two Childhood Friends, Gopal And Seema, Meet After Several Years To Rekindle The Love Between Them. However, Seema's Father Is Not Happy As He Seems To Have A Different Agenda.
romance Bride To Be Anna is convinced by her mom that she can find love and happiness by marrying a wealthy American man she never met, Bill. Once she marries Bill, she realizes that the marriage isn't what she fantasized. He's a narcissist who only shows her off as a trophy wife. She meets a down-to-earth chef named Matt and discovers the love and romance she always wanted. Should she choose green card or true love?
romance Cloudburst The best geriatric lesbian road movie you have ever seen. Thelma and Louise eat your heart out.
romance Eat With Me When Emma moves in with her estranged gay son, the pair must learn to reconnect through food where words fail, and face the foreclosure of the family's Chinese restaurant and a stubborn fear of intimacy. This directorial debut from David Au offers a fresh take on life, love and food in the heart of Los Angeles through a deliciously emotional and redemptive story supported by an earnest cast.
romance Last Resort Tanya, young and naïve, leaves Moscow with her street-wise 10-year-old son Artiom to meet her English fiancé. But after he fails to turn up at the airport, Tanya and her son find themselves virtually imprisoned in a dead-end seaside resort where all refugees are forced to live. Desperate to escape their nightmarish world, Tanya forges an unusual alliance with amusement arcade manager Alfie.
romance Udhayam NH4 Prabhu, a young college student, kidnaps his lover Rithika when her father disapproves of their relationship. Manoj Menon, an encounter specialist, is appointed to track them down.
romance Vathikuchi Sakthi is an autorickshaw driver, who is in love with his neighbour, Leena. His life changes when he runs into three dangerous criminals who want him dead.
romance Vetrivel In a bid to help his younger brother unite with the girl he loves, Vetrivel and his friends decide to kidnap her. Things take an ugly turn when their plan goes wrong and results in messy situations.
romance Howl A young woman leaves the sanitarium to watch over her grandmother's house. As she descends into madness, she must decide whether to be devoured or embrace her true nature in this reimagining of "Little Red Riding Hood and the Wolf."
romance Delightfully Dangerous 15-year-old Sherry Williams dreams of becoming a Broadway singing star, just like her older sister Josephine. Suffering a case of stage fright before a school performance, Broadway producer Arthur Hale encourages Sherry.  Sherry decides to make a surprise trip to New York, where she discovers that Josephine is actually a stripper in a tawdry burlesque house. Formulating a plan to get Arthur to marry Josephine, Sherry also arranges to have she and her sister star in Hale's latest Broadway production. A fun musical romance starring teen sensation Jane Powell in her second starring movie roll.
romance All That Matters "All That Matters" is about an insurance adjuster who wants to be a travel blogger.
romance Abhiyum Anuvum Abhi is the average boy with a job and a lifestyle that borders on the mundane. Anu is a lively girl, passionate about social issues and unafraid to challenge social responsibility and the stigma. They fall in love and swore to always be together, until a strange twist of fate reveals them to be more than just lovers. To what extent will they go to protect their love?
romance The Accompanist Dr. Jason Holden, early 50s, is in danger of losing his family, because of a tragic automobile accident. He becomes a piano accompanist at a local ballet studio and falls in love with Brandon Wykowski, 27, a troubled dancer.
romance 7 Short Films About (Our) Marriage A tempestuous romantic drama in seven vignettes that chronicles an interracial marriage, telling a story of turmoil and tenderness as two people try to make their relationship last.
romance Ta Ra Rum Pum When RV (Saif Ali Khan) is spotted by Harry (Jaaved Jaafery) the Manager of a failing Racing car team, everything changes for RV and the team. They shoot to the top. The dream is complete when he meets Radhika (Rani Mukerji) and both tie the knot. But when he meets with an accident, he loses everything he had once gained. RV is on the road, but can he reclaim the glory for his family?
romance Oye Uday (Siddharth) is a rich and spoiled brat and Sandhya (Shamili) is a lone responsible girl. Uday falls in love with Sandhya at the very first sight and strives hard to impress her. When everything is going well, Uday learns that Sandhya is suffering from cancer and her days are numbered. The rest of Oye! is about how Uday helps Sandhya realise all her wishes.
romance Varanpona 24 Manikoor Vidya is happily married to Rahul until tragedy strikes with her husband's death - and she is the one responsible. She becomes the prime suspect during the investigation headed by ACP Narasimha. With growing suspicion and an unending maze of mystery, a secret is revealed which turns everyone's lives upside down.
romance Nigahen A snake charmer is in search of a priceless diamond which will bestow him with immense power. However, he discovers that his only hope of locating the diamond is Rajiv and Rajni's daughter Neelam.
romance Junooniyat Captain Jahan Bakshi rescues a Punjabi girl, Suhani. This starts a friendship that evolves into a passionate love affair.
romance Raabta A woman crosses paths with her reincarnated lover from a previous lifetime.
romance Kabhi Kabhie Kabhi Kabhie is a story of how Amit (Amitabh Bachchan) and Pooja (Rakhee) visualize a future together. Pooja bows to the wishes of her parents and marries Vijay (Shashi Kapoor). Amit marries Anjali (Waheeda Rehman). Pooja and Vijay’s son Vicky (Rishi Kapoor) and Anjali’s daughter Pinky (Neetu Singh) from a prior relationship, fall in love. A chain of events brings together old lovers as friends.
romance The Hurricane A Polynesian sailor -- unjustly imprisoned after defending himself against a colonial bully -- is relentlessly persecuted by his island's martinet French governor.
romance Mere Brother Ki Dulhan "Kush (Imran Khan) is looking for the ideal Indian bride for his brother Luv (Ali Zafar). In his quest, Kush goes through an array of wacky encounters until he finds that perfect girl in Dimple (Katrina Kaif), the craziest girl he’s ever known. But Kush falls in love with Dimple - his brother's dulhan. What follows is an unpredictable series of events in this unusual topsy-turvy tale of love. "
romance Baruva 24 Gantegalalli Vidya is happily married to Rahul until tragedy strikes with her husband's death - and she is the one responsible. She becomes the prime suspect during the investigation headed by ACP Narasimha. With growing suspicion and an unending maze of mystery, a secret is revealed which turns everyone's lives upside down.
romance Kuch Tum Kaho Kuch Hum Kahein A man and woman are in love with each other but cannot pursue their relationship due to the feud between their families. In order to save his love, he decides to reunite the families.
romance Shaandaar A young wedding planner, Jagjinder Joginder (Shahid Kapoor), brings together Bipin Arora's flawed family in the backdrop of a destination wedding in London for his eldest daughter, while both the families try to save their empires. Will the Shaandar wedding succeed and also help the families save their dignifies empires.
romance Germinal In mid-nineteenth-century northern France, a coal mining town's workers are exploited by the mine's owner. One day, they decide to go on strike, and the authorities repress them.
romance Reaching For The Moon Set in 1950s Brazil, this sumptuous drama recounts Pulitzer Prize-winning poet Elizabeth Bishop (Miranda Otto, "Lord of the Rings") and her love affair with famed architect Lota de Macedo Soares. From Oscar-nominated Brazilian director Bruno Barreto ("Four Days in September"), "Reaching for the Moon" is an intimate snapshot of the search for inspiration, wherever and however you find it.
romance Naz & Maalik Two closeted teens from Bed-Stuy, both black and Muslim, hawk goods across Brooklyn and struggle to come clean about their sexuality. The two of them unwittingly find themselves in the crosshairs of the War on Terror when surveillance footage of their secret behavior is wildly misinterpreted in this smart indie comedy.
romance Traci Townsend A beautiful and successful journalist, interviews her three previous boyfriends, to find out why they never proposed. Each distinctly different interview, comically teaches Traci more about herself than she would care to know.
romance Tabù On the South Pacific island of Bora Bora, a young couple's love is threatened when the tribal chief declares the girl a sacred virgin.
romance An Evening in Paris An Evening in Paris Is A Bollywood Romantic Thriller Hindi Movie, Directed By Shakti Samanta, Starring Shammi Kapoor, Sharmila Tagore, Pran and Rajendra Nath In The Lead Roles. Deepa Goes To Paris To Find Love, And She Meets Shyam, An Amiable Gentleman. However, Since Shekhar Needs To Marry Her In Order To Clear His Debts, He Replaces Deepa With Her Lookalike.
romance Doli Saja Ke Rakhna Two star-crossed lovers are prompted to elope when the girl's burly brothers refuse to let them live in peace. But the overwhelmed youngsters start second guessing their decision when they see life for what it is.
romance Mitwaa Shivam, a rich hotelier from Goa, doesn't believe in love or the institution of marriage. But when Nandini, a smart woman, joins his hotel as an employee, he is attracted to her.
romance Raising Victor Vargas A Lower East Side teen-ager struggles to find some sanity while surrounded by an eccentric grandmother, a crazy new girlfriend, and a longing younger brother.
romance With love from budapest Gladys and Collins can connect their bond for each other to their childhood friendship and cultural sense developed from being raised in the heart of Lagos, West Africa, experiencing new survival challenges in central Europe, Gladys had to tap into an unfathomable level of self control, patience and courage to maintain balance at her work and home, some women can relate to this tale of love.
romance Meat Myra is a teenage prostitute. Charlie is a recently released young offender with a vivid sense of his own self-worth. Together they begin a tender affair amid the sleaze of London street life. Amid London's underworld, love story turns to thriller in a tale of vengeance and violence.
romance Sankashta Kara Ganapathi Ganapathi, a cartoonist, is diagnosed with a neurological disorder called Alien Hand Syndrome, which poses a hindrance in his daily life. Despite the disorder, Ganapathi attempts to achieve his goal and also goes on to woo the girl he loves.
romance Fanaa Zooni (Kajol), a blind Kashmiri girl, meets Rehan Qadri (Aamir Khan), a local Delhi tour guide and an incorrigible flirt. Her friends warn her against him but she chooses to ignore them. Rehan is fascinated by Zooni and wants her to see life as it should be seen. What Zooni doesn’t know is that Rehan has another side to him- something that can not only change her life, but can also destroy it.
romance Hasee Toh Phasee An Indian romantic comedy about Nikhil (Sidharth Malhotra) who is very committed to his girlfriend Karishma (Adah Sharma), falls in love with her younger sister Meeta (Parineeti Chopra) but is too guilty to follow his heart. Whom will he choose ?
romance Hey Jude Two odd ball characters, a youngster named Jude and the other, a talented singer named Crystal. When these two characters come together, their lives undergo several changes, leading to love, self-discovery, healing and transformation.
romance RX100 The protagonist Shiva who is stubborn and bold meets a tragic end waiting for his ex-girlfriend to return to the village even though she has been married for 3 years. Indu, ex-girlfriend hires paid killers as she was never in love with him.
romance OK Jaanu Adi and Tara move to Bombay to pursue their dreams. A chance meeting sparks off a heady, no strings attached romance until their careers pull them apart. Will ambition prevail over matters of the heart?
romance Gori Tere Pyar Mein This modern day romance has Sriram Venkat(Imran Khan)in the role of an edgy self-centered fellow who realises he is still in love with his ex-girlfriend Dia (Kareena Kapoor) , whom he had disappointed once. He must become a better version of himself in order to earn her trust and love back. This is the story of Sriram Venkat's journey to win his love back.
romance Aashiqui A small-time singer struggling for a break gets his share of fame when his girlfriend becomes a successful model. Their relationship suffers when he begins to feel burdened by her popularity.
romance Tohfa Two sisters fall for the same man. One of them sacrifices her love but she is carrying a secret.
romance The Christmas Doodle A lonely woman receives a golden doodle as a gift for Christmas. A single father is struggling to raise his daughter after a traumatic Christmas the year prior. In this heartwarming journey the Christmas doodle will have them cross paths for Christmas.
romance True The mysterious circumstances around the death of the lead character, Vignesh's ( Harish Vinay) father, leads him down a path filled with unexpected twists and turns. Nothing is as it seems, but will the truth finally set him free
romance Untamed Mistress Two men search the jungle for a woman who has been captured by a tribe of murderous gorillas. When they finally find her, they must fight off attacks by the gorillas, who are determined to keep her.
romance Doctor Lanre The sudden death of a patient leads the police to the doctor who refused to treat him. Investigation takes a different turn with multiple suspects on the table, thereby making the job of these very intelligent and smart police officers more difficult. On the table is also the real reason behind his firm refusal to attend to this patient, risking losing his job, license and freedom.
romance Kadhalukku Mariyadhai Jeeva loves Mini but her three brothers end up beating him every time he meets her. The couple decides to elope against their parents' wishes.
romance The Perfect Blue Tom and Sunny are about to get married - to other people - when they meet again at a fair. They used to be in love with each other, but that was years ago, and, after all, they had nothing in common. They soon realize they are still in love with each other but, is their reawakened passion enough to discard the safe and sensible futures they planned for themselves?
romance The Pleasure Garden Two couples' romances are fancifully intertwined.
romance Nasha (Kannada) Trouble ensues when Saahil, a teenager, gets attracted to his drama teacher, Anita. However, his infatuation turns into a dangerous obsession that leads to disastrous consequences for both of them.
romance Majili (Kannada) After being abandoned by his lover, Anshu, Poorna takes to alcohol and is forced to marry his neighbor, Sravani. However, he soon discovers her unrequited love for him and falls for her.
romance Ek Baar Kaho Ravi is in love with Aarti but unable to express his feelings to her.With Aarti's marriage arranged,will he be able to confess before it's too late?
romance Floating City In 1940s Hong Kong, an orphaned boy rises above oppressive circumstances to become an esteemed engineer for the British colonies, but still struggles to learn where he came from. From legendary director Yim Ho comes a lyrical and heartbreaking story of family, identity and love that survives generations.
romance Love In A Puff An Author and Public figure whose best-selling book is an inspiration drawn from his daughter's demise is caught in a marital squabble with his one-time loving wife...
romance Kasak Divya loved Suraj who is now no more she marries Vijay for the sake of her family and plans to divorce him soon but will Vijay agree to her terms.
romance The Road Ahead Liam is on the brink of divorce when he learns his wife Mia is diagnosed with cancer. She proposes a road trip to mend their relationship and her health.
romance The Dance Ivanna and Vicente fall in love one summer, only to realize they've both been keeping secrets.
romance Tokyo Wine Party People When unassuming office worker Shino gets invited to a glamorous wine party, she finds herself drawn into intoxicating world of wine connoisseurs by an attractive businessman whose charming exterior hides a shocking secret.
romance Strictly For The Streets Vol. 1 Shantel decides to leave Ivy League college in her senior year and attend an HBCU in Savannah, GA. What she quickly learns is that the HBCU lifestyle is a completely different world.
romance Kaka Ji - Son of Royal Sardar The story of Kaka Ji highlights the era of the 90s in Punjab when the notorious gang Kale Kachia Wale was dominant in the state. Kaka Ji is the son of royal Sardar Kartar Singh Brar falls in love with Deepi, a young girl from the adjacent village. Things take a turn when Kaka Ji gets trapped by the gang while trying to save the love of his life.
romance Iruvar Ullam The film revolves a story about a IT professional settled in US and married to an Indian girl. After marriage both living a happily ever after life but things changed when his ex-fiancé ruined his marriage life.
romance Cuckoo Tamizh and Kodi, a visually impaired couple, undergo many hardships to unite when they learn that Kodi's brother has decided to marry her off to someone else in return for a favour.
romance Dynamite When Siva goes on a date with a woman and she gets kidnapped, he tries to convince the police about it but they do not trust him. He decides to go out of his way to find her.
romance Imperial Venus This re-imagined biopic of the adult life of Paolina (Paulette), the sister of Napoleon Bonaparte. She is portrayed as a willful, yet impulsive woman, through her marriages and scandals, through the heights and depths of Napoleon's life.
romance Dog Years Stella is about to turn sixteen, but her real age is 112. This is because she counts her age in terms of dog years. With the help of her best friends Giulio and Nina, she decides to make a list of all the things she needs to do before she dies. That is, until she meets Matte, a shy and introverted boy, who will totally change her perspective on life and love.
romance Duniyadari A young man in his 20s who is caught up in a bitter relationship with his parents. In spite of having all materialistic pleasures he craves for something better in his life. The void in his life is filled by the Digya gang he meets on college katta, soon comes bliss in his life in form of two beautiful girls. Life teaches Shreyas to face facts, through his friends and people around him.
romance Lesa Lesa Chandru's grandfather plans to visit him but Chandru has spent all his money. As a result, he decides to pose as the co-owner of his friend Rakesh's riches till his grandfather stays with them.
romance Iddari Lokam Okate Iddari Lokam Okate is the story of Krishna & Satya, born on the same day, who come across each other several times during the course of their childhood & youth. They grow separately in different towns but each of their confluence causes drastic changes in their life. By taking 70s, 80s, 90s and 2000s the story builds on culture, music, lifestyles of the places & characters.
romance The Misadventures of Mistress Maneater With only 30 days to repay a massive loan, a disgraced art historian is forced into a scandalous scheme: win the heart of, and then extort, the Episcopal priest avoiding her like loose glitter. When she discovers him hiding the world's greatest lost masterpiece, will she betray the heroic man who believes in her genius, or fall for him and doom herself to a custom pair of concrete stilettos?
romance Prem Nagar A wealthy man falls in love with a young woman and supports her and her family. But when doubts are cast about her honesty, their relationship begins to suffer.
romance Ladies vs Ricky Bahl Three very different girls (Parineeti Chopra, Dipannita Sharma & Aditi Sharma) each get duped for money by three men. It’s actually just one suave and charming con-man – Ricky Bahl (Ranveer Singh). An encounter brings these three women together who vow to take down Ricky Bahl. Enter Ishika Desai (Anushka Sharma), a young and ambitious girl with street-smart ways. It's the Ladies vs Ricky Bahl.
romance Gracie! Heart-breaking drama about the relationship between much-loved British film star Gracie Fields and Italian-born Hollywood director Monty Banks. Starring the internationally renowned Jane Horrocks as the singing, laughing, heart-breaking Gracie Fields, this is a romantic comedy steeped in warm wit, dramatic dilemma-filled emotion and vivacious, irrepressible energy.
romance A Landing on the Sun 20 years ago, George Summerchild fell to his death from a Ministry of Defence building. Was it suicide? Despite all the speculation, no one has ever solved the mystery. Now Brian Jessel, another civil servant, has been asked to investigate. What he uncovers is a curious romance which forces him to consider his own bleak life, the nature of happiness and the blinding power of true love.
romance Two Friends Clément, a film extra, is madly in love with Mona, a salesgirl in a sandwich bar. Mona has a secret that makes her elusive. When Clément is desperate to win her heart, Abel, his best and only friend, comes to the rescue. The two friends set off in the adventure of conquering her.
romance Secondhand Hearts Ben, a photographer traveling in Japan meets another American, Emily. They travel the country together and fall quickly in love. Returning home to the US, Ben meets his girlfriend's family and discovers that Emily is his girlfriend's older sister.
romance Wild Fire Wild Fire is a drama about a young man, Ezie, who has been single for a while due to the high standards he has set for whoever is supposed to become his partner. Ezie finally meets Shizzle, his favourite actress and all-time crush, and they both get married despite the warnings from his family.
romance Sixer A site engineer, who suffers from night blindness, gets into trouble when he is mistaken for the leader of a protest group by a goon. His life becomes even more complicated after he falls in love.
romance Mr and Miss A young man from Amalapuram goes to Hyderabad in search of an IT job. In a chance encounter, he meets a lady who had just got her heart broken. The two of them hit it off immediately and fall in love. They decide to live together and everything seems to go well until they lose a mobile phone which contains their most intimate, private moments.
romance Ru-Ba-Ru Nikhil is grief-stricken when his girlfriend Tara dies in an accident shortly after a fight. Things take a turn when he is granted one chance to undo his wrongs and relive the day before he loses her again.
romance Salaam Namaste Nick (Saif Ali Khan) is a chef. Ambar (Preity Zinta)is a Radio Jockey. They’re young, cool, independent and together they make the perfect pair! Or do they? Nick and Ambar take a huge leap of faith as they decide to move in together. Soon they realize they have little in common. SALAAM NAMASTE gives us a quirky take on life, love and relationship as it looks at a fairy tale with a bit of a squint.
romance Un Mundo Secreto A middle-class girl who embarks on a road trip across Mexico.
romance Hunting and Gathering When Camille (Audrey Tautou) falls ill, she is forced to live with Philibert and Franck (Guillaume Canet). A moving trio story.
romance Trouble Will Find Us A chance meeting, a fun flirtation. So begins a great romance, with the joy, laughter, and pain that come as a relationship starts to get real - and a couple must define the balance between compromise and their personal needs.
romance Adam and Evelyn An East German couple is looking for their way of life after the political situation drastically changes by the fall of the Wall in 1989. Adam and Evelyn have to decide in which world - Eastern or Western - they want to live in order to find a happy life.
romance Florrie Florrie is dating 3 men. Juggling these men is catching up with her as is her complicated past. Her best friend Henrietta demands she picks just one of the committed boyfriends. Why is Florrie not able to accept love from any of these men?
romance Sawan Ko Aane Do Sawan Ko Aane Do is a 1979 Rajshri Productions Hindi movie produced by Tarachand Barjatya and directed by Kanak Mishra.  It's a story about Birju, a poor villager who wants to marry the headman's daughter, her father gets furious and sends her to the city. Years later, Birju becomes a successful singer and returns to seek his approval.
romance Teary of love She sacrificed her life for the love of family, restricting all her biological children from her corps, living an under aged grandson with a multi-million inheritances, did she really die? His life is in danger and who will spare him?
romance Ahare Mon Ahare Mon is a romantic drama that revolves around people who are otherwise forbidden to fall in love. Two members of an old age home who elope and embark on an adventure of a lifetime. Two hustlers who plan and pull off one con job after another. An immigration officer at the airport who comes across a frequent flyer. Titli, a girl fighting a terminal disease but crazily in love with Dev.
romance Brooklyn Love Stories What do a young graffiti artist, a middle-aged widow, a teenage poet, a vampire, and two lovers stuck in separate timelines have in common? Though their paths don't always cross, their lives unfold in Brooklyn's vibrantly multicultural neighborhood of Bushwick, which becomes a distinctive character that ties together these six diverse stories about the power of unconditional love.
romance Gowdru Hotel Gowdru Hotel revolves around the relationship between a grandfather and grandson with food being the major highlight of the film.
romance Maayanadhi Kousalya, an aspiring doctor, and her doting father live a humble and peaceful life until her father discovers her love for an auto driver.
romance Dheena Dheena works for his brother Adhikesavan, a gangster, and is very close to him. However, things turn sour between them after a misunderstanding leads to the death of their sister.
romance Veera Muthu returns to his village and learns that the girl he wanted to marry is dead. In the city, he ends up marrying his boss's daughter. But, the previous girl returns and he's forced to marry her too.
romance Aaha Kalyanam (Telugu Dubbed) Shruti (Vaani Kapoor) and Shaktivel (Nani) decide to start a wedding planning business together. The rules however are clear: Business and romance can never go hand in hand. And while trying to find themselves, they discover each other and realize that the rule book cannot be followed always.
romance Stone, Scissors, Paper Seeking refuge from a violent husband, Jean secretly moves into the riverside cottage that belonged to her mother. Here, she meets a married stonemason with whom she gradually forms an intimate relationship. Both experience feelings of guilt for their inadmissible love for one another, and it isn't long before the couple's quiet affair of the heart is violently and tragically shattered.
romance Gajakesari Rana (John Vijay) kills the State Minister's bodyguard and forces him to sign a deal to open a resort in Anegudde, an elephant reserve. Later, he also hatches a plan to get tribal people out from their houses. Krishna(Yash) a happy go lucky guy vows to protect the forest unaware of the fact that he's a Bahubali in his previous birth.
romance Jiilka - Youthful Story Rocky is a notoriously mischievous boy, leading his teachers and parents to be frustrated with him and his modern ideas. He grows up with the same attitude, graduates college, and starts living with his girlfriend. But relationship problems get the better of him as his girlfriend is forced to leave and for the first time, Rocky feels like he has lost.
romance Kadha Paranja Kadha Ebi and Jennifer were best friends from childhood itself, but they get separated as they grow up. People go out in search of a livelihood, leaving behind friends and family. But those who love each other will find a way to reunite.
romance Grimm (2003) One winter's day Jacob and his sister Marie are left behind in the woods by their unemployed father. In his coat Jacob finds a note from his mother urging them to go to their uncle in Spain.
romance Nootrenbadhu Soon after his marriage to Renuka, Dr Ajay learns that he has cancer and has only six months left to live. He fakes his death, moves to India and decides to lead his remaining life helping others.
romance Musical Chairs When, Mia, a dance teacher, lands in the hospital after an accident, Armando, a would-be dancer who admires her from afar, persuades her to train for an upcoming wheelchair ballroom dancing contest.
romance Arjun Reddy Arjun Reddy (Vijay Deverakonda) is a Surgeon and the topper of the college. He falls in love with his junior, a Tulu girl (Shalini), who is four years younger to him. Due to some unfortunate incidents, they break up. How life takes them forward forms the rest of the story.
romance Varmaa Varmaa, who has a hard time dealing with his aggressive nature, falls for Megha. However, her family's opposition to their alliance pushes him to become addicted to drugs and alcohol.
romance Max and Me A coming of age story about an awkward teenage boy who falls in love with the girl next door, who he soon discovers passed away the year before from Cystic Fibrosis, and he's in love with a ghost.
romance Road Road Is A Hindi Romantic Thriller Movie, Directed By Rajat Mukherjee, Starring Manoj Bajpayee, Vivek Oberoi And Antara Mali In The Lead Roles. Arvind And Lakshmi Decide To Give A Lift To A Hitchhiker, Babu. However, Things Take A Turn For The Worse When Babu Kidnaps Lakshmi.
romance Eight Hours from Paris Sheila is stuck in a marriage that has lost its sparkle. Janet cannot wait to marry Colin, but he is already married - to his job... Beneath the humdrum surface of middle England, life seethes with secrets and dramas. The railway town of Crewe is no exception. This movie blends local people with actors in a humorous and touching portrait.
romance Classmates Satya (Ankush Choudhary), the leader of a party in his college, falls in love with Aditi (Sonalee Kulkarni), the niece of a politician. However, things turn complicated when Aditi stands against Satya in the elections of their college.
romance The Speed Reporter 1936 Crime Drama Thriller Film Noir Classic Mystery After a night of gangster terrorism in a large metropolitan city, the police haul in some of the perpetrators. The Evening Gazette runs the headline that financier Roger Renfrew will head the City Reform League in a fight to clean up city politics.
romance Anari A rich girl appoints a simpleton, as her bodyguard. She soon falls in love with him, which creates havoc in his life.
romance Ami Sudhu Cheyechhi Tomay Abhi, son of a rich business man loves Bhoomika since childhood. Though people think him as a spoilt brat, but actually he is a good person by heart. He doesn't care what people think about him. He loves Bhoomika and can do anything for her. However, Bhoomika does not like him. Later they both join a same college in Darjeeling to pursue higher studies in pursuit to win his love.
romance Luckunnodu A gangster robs a bank, but another person steals his theft and hands the bag full of money to Lucky, a young man who is known for his coincidence of bad luck with good luck. Frustrated and restless, Lucky is determined to regain the possession of his loot.
romance Savitri Savitri is a girl who is fascinated with wedding ceremonies. When she gets engaged, she travels to Shirdi and in the train she meets a doctor Rishi, who falls in love with her. Meanwhile, ..
romance No Strings A young girl is saved from child trafficking but looses her mother in the process. She carries resentment and hate for the world, so she takes her anger into relationships. To avenge her mom's death, she goes on dates with guys specifically to break their hearts. This continues until she meets Caleb; an intern counselor who knows her because he has counseled the guys Jenny has meddled with.
romance Jodi Kannan falls in love with Gayathri but both decide to win the hearts of each other's family members and marry with their consent.
romance Hello Memsaheb A man disguises as a servant to stay close to a woman he loves.
romance Sometimes Our Friends Come Over (and sometimes we're all alone) A Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf for Trump's America of sorts, Sometimes Our Friends Come Over... is the story of a couple realizing that the future of their relationship and the future of the world will be worse than the present.
romance Aaina Roma (Amrita Singh) leaves Ravi (Jackie Shroff) at the alter in pursuit of her bigger ambitions. Her sister Reema (Juhi Chawla), a pale reflection of Roma, steps in and saves the day for her family, having secretly been in love with Ravi all her life.The newly weds start building a life together till suddenly Roma returns, determined to get back what she thinks Reema stole from her.
romance Jaguar (Kannada) Krishna, a young medical student, strikes against corrupt figures of power as a vigilante and tries to decribes his father's injustice death while trying to win the love of his friend's sister as a college student.
romance Life Ain't Like The Movies Life Ain't Like the Movies is a coming of age story about an awkward black teen. He learns about love, family, and tragedy while going to high school
romance Fighter, Marbo Noy Morbo Suriya is a college student who lives with his brother ACP Bose and his family. His brother is killed by local don and Suriya must revenge them.
romance Chinnanjiru Kiliye A naturopathy practitioner with a strong distrust of allopathic treatments goes after the kidnappers of his daughter and expose a medical crime.dr
romance Romeo Vs Juliet Romeo a young man of village who in an attempt to get rid of an unwanted marriage proposal, ends up lying to his entire village that he loves somebody named Juliet from London. He sets out for UK in search of Juliet. Romeo ends up becoming the body guard of Juliet after saving her life twice from the goons . Henceforth begins another legendary tale of love, the love story of Romeo and Juliet.
romance Funny Face The destruction of his grandparents' home leads a young man to take revenge under a masked persona
romance Affittasi Vita Michele, in the midst of a creative crisis, can not finish a fresco on which he depends own career. Abandoned to himself by the rich girlfriend is forced to leave home with only a small amount. It is found in seeks inspiration, without means of subsistence and invaded by the extravagant neighbors. Rosalia, singer awaiting documents for free the daughter. Boban, trafficker of coffins and Andrea.
romance Shadowless When the world they live in was against them, two lovers must face all the obstacles or let death unite them
romance Tuck Jagadish (Kannada) When a doting elder brother has a dispute with the younger one over the inheritance, the latter tries to establish peace and keep the family together.
romance Kalavaani Mappillai (Hindi) In order to marry the love of his life, Deva tries to hide the fact that he cannot drive a vehicle from his future mother-in-law.
romance Mujhse Fraaandship Karoge If Rahul has the voice and looks, Vishal, has the brains. If Malvika, can get heads turning, Preity, can say a million things. What Vishal and Preity can't do, is spell it out to Malvika and Rahul that they heart them. So on Facebook, Vishal becomes Rahul, Preity becomes Malvika and they start chatting. They do a great job of pretending to be someone else. But how long can you fake it?
romance Ghajinikanth The main plot of Ghajinikanth revolves around a youngster named Rajinikanth. Everything is perfect for him, but the fact that he has some issues with his memory and mind diversion problems pulls his prospects down. More often, he faces a lot of backlashes because of this issue.
romance Oru Naal Koothu Three young women, who have different perspectives on marriage, struggle to lead a happy life as they deal with criticisms and parental pressure to get committed soon.
action The Protégé Michael Keaton, Maggie Q, and Samuel L. Jackson lead this high-octane action-thriller from the director of Casino Royale about a contract killer out to avenge her mentor's murder.
action The Tomorrow War Time travelers arrive from 2051 to deliver an urgent message: 30 years in the future mankind is losing a war against a deadly alien species. The only hope for survival is for soldiers and civilians to be transported to the future and join the fight. Determined to save the world for his daughter, Dan Forester teams up with a brilliant scientist and his estranged father to rewrite the planet’s fate.
action The Protégé (4K UHD) Michael Keaton, Maggie Q, and Samuel L. Jackson lead this high-octane action-thriller from the director of Casino Royale about a contract killer out to avenge her mentor's murder.
action Reign Of Fire When workers in a London tunneling project awaken an unearthly fire-breathing beast from centuries of slumber, all hell breaks loose.
action Gone in Sixty Seconds A retired master car thief must return to the industry and steal fifty cars with his crew in a single night to save his brother's life.
action Tom Clancy's Without Remorse Amazon Original Movie - An elite Navy SEAL (Michael B. Jordan) uncovers an international conspiracy while seeking justice for the murder of his pregnant wife in Without Remorse, the explosive origin story of action hero John Clark – one of the most popular characters in author Tom Clancy’s Jack Ryan universe.
action Daughter of the Wolf Ex-military specialist Clair Hamilton returns home from her tour in the Middle East due to her father's passing and to claim her inheritance. Her son is then kidnapped and held for ransom by a gang led by a mysterious figure known only as "Father".
action Honest Thief Wanting to lead an honest life, a notorious bank robber (Liam Neeson) turns himself in, only to be double-crossed by two ruthless FBI agents.
action Saving Private Ryan Based on a World War II drama. US soldiers try to save their comrade, paratrooper Private Ryan, who's stationed behind enemy lines.
action Unhinged Academy Award©️ winner, Russell Crowe, stars in Unhinged, an edge-of-your-seat thriller about something we have all experienced – road rage.
action The Rock A mild-mannered chemist and an ex-con must lead the counterstrike when a rogue group of military men threaten a nerve gas attack from Alcatraz against San Francisco.
action Interview with a Hitman Silent. Relentless. No attachments. This is Viktor's code. The mantra that took him from the slums of Romania to the pinnacle of his profession - as a killer. Viktor knows the value of life more than most, which makes him the perfect killer. But after a ruthless betrayal by his bosses, he escapes to London, joins a new "family" and finds himself caught in a vicious underworld power struggle.
action Killers Spencer Aimes (Ashton Kutcher) is just your average, undercover, government-hired super-assassin. When he meets Jen Kornfeldt (Katherine Heigl), he finds true love... Enjoying a picture-perfect marriage, Spencer becomes the target of a multi-million dollar hit. Now Spencer and Jen are on the run for their lives.
action Turistas (Unrated) HD. An exotic Brazilian getaway turns into Destination: Terror for a group of young people in this unnerving horror flick.
action Deja Vu After a ferry is bombed in New Orleans, an ATF agent joins a unique investigation using experimental surveillance technology to find the bomber - but finds himself becoming obsessed with one of the victims. Denzel Washington stars.
action Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles When NY City is in trouble, it’s up to the four ninja-fighting, pizza-loving brothers to save it. Aided by determined reporter April O’Neil and their wise master Splinter, these unlikely heroes must face their ultimate nemesis - the evil Shredder.
action King Arthur Arthur and his knights embark on a rescue mission.
action The Silencing A reformed hunter (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau) and a sheriff (Annabelle Wallis) are caught in a deadly game of cat and mouse when they set out to track a killer who may have kidnapped the hunter's daughter five years ago.
action Kung Fu Yoga Jack, a world-renowned archaeology professor, and his team are on a grand quest to locate a lost ancient Indian treasure when they are ambushed by a team of mercenaries and left for dead. Using his vast knowledge of history and kung fu, Jack leads his team on a race around the world to beat the mercenaries to the treasure and save an ancient culture.
action Chronicle HD. Three high-school teens record themselves in the wake of gaining super-human telekinetic powers from a mysterious rock.
action Live Free or Die Hard John McClane and a hacker join forces.
action Boondock Saints In Troy Duffy's cult classic, two Irish Catholic brothers become vigilantes and wipe out Boston's criminal underworld in the name of God.
action Shockwave: Countdown to Disaster When massive volcanic storms begin to spew from the Earth, geophysicist Kate Ferris tries to convince the Department of Defense that this is no natural phenomenon. They’re the result of a seismic super weapon and the shockwaves it sends out will destroy major cities across the globe, killing millions.
action Jolt A bouncer with a slightly murderous anger-management problem that she controls with the help of an electrode-lined vest she uses to shock herself back to normalcy whenever she gets homicidal. After the first guy she's ever fallen for is murdered, she goes on a revenge-fueled rampage to find the killer while the cops pursue her as their chief suspect.
action Wander Tommy Lee Jones and Aaron Eckhart star in the edge-of-your-seat thriller about a detective with a traumatic past who investigates a suspicious death in the town of Wander, Texas.
action The Courier (2021) Benedict Cumberbatch (DOCTOR STRANGE) and Rachel Brosnahan (“The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”) star in this true-life Cold War spy thriller about British businessman Greville Wynne, who must form an alliance with a Soviet spy to prevent a nuclear confrontation.
action Monsters vs. Aliens The world's most unlikely heroes are on a mission to save the Earth in DreamWorks Animation's MONSTERS VS. ALIENS -- "The Year's Funniest Comedy" (Pete Hammond - Hollywood.com). When aliens attack, this rag-tag group of monsters joins forces to fight back. With an all-star cast and amazing animation, this ginormous adventure is "A Monstrously Good Time For All!" (Bill Bregoli, CBS).
action This Means War HD. Two CIA agents vie for the affections of an unwitting Reese Witherspoon in this riotous action-romance.
action Cats Blanket (Dermot Mulroney) is an indoor cat who is too afraid to leave his apartment. But when his adventurous son, Cape, sets out to find a legendary cat paradise, Blanket must overcome his own fears and embark on the wildest ride of his life.
action Escape Plan: The Extractors In this explosive action saga, Sylvester Stallone, Curtis Jackson, and Dave Bautista play security experts who fight to rescue Breslin's girlfriend and a tech mogul's daughter from a formidable prison known as Devil's Station.
action The A-Team Framed to take the fall for a heinous crime, an elite operative (Liam Neeson) and his men go rogue, using their special talents to clear their names and find the real perpetrator.
action A Fistful of Dollars The laconic "man with no name" - a tough gunslinger - manipulates rival families warring over a small frontier town. Stylish, violent film was the first spaghetti western hit and made Clint Eastwood a star.
action Walking Tall: The Payback When Nick (Kevin Sorbo) returns to his hometown after his father's suspicious death, he discovers that a violent gang has taken over the quiet town. And it’ll be up to him to take it back...even if it means taking justice into his own hands!
action The Parts You Lose Wesley, a young deaf boy, discovers an injured fugitive (Aaron Paul) and secretly helps him recover. Wesley's bond with the man grows that ultimately tests his understanding of right and wrong as the police inch closer and closer.
action My Spy My Spy follows JJ, a hardened CIA operative (Dave Bautista), who has been demoted and finds himself at the mercy of a precocious 9-year old girl named Sophie (Chloe Coleman) after he is sent undercover to surveil her family. In exchange for not blowing JJ’s cover, Sophie uses her charm and wit to convince him to spend time with her and teach her to be a spy.
action Night Hunter The hunt is on as a detective races against time to stay one step ahead of an arrested serial killer masterminding deadly attacks from behind bars. Henry Cavill and Ben Kingsley star in this action-packed thriller will shock you at every turn.
action The Bourne Ultimatum Matt Damon returns as highly trained assassin Jason Bourne, who is on the hunt for the agents who stole his memory and true identity. With a new generation of skilled CIA operatives tracking his every move, Bourne is in a non-stop race around the globe as he finally learns the truth behind his mysterious past.
action American Renegades A team of Navy SEALs is hired to salvage Nazi gold stored in a bank vault in a submerged town at the bottom of a Bosnian lake.
action The A-Team (Extended Cut) FRAMED FOR STEALING COUNTERFEIT CURRENCY PLATES FROM SADDAM HUSSEIN, THE MEMBERS OF AN ELITE ARMY SPECIAL OPS TEAM ESCAPE FROM PRISON TO PROVE THEIR INNOCENCE BY TAKING DOWN THE GENERAL AND CIA AGENT WHO FRAMED THEM.
action Mission: Impossible IV - Ghost Protocol The IMF is shut down when it's implicated in the bombing of the Kremlin, causing Ethan Hunt and his new team to go rogue to clear their organization's name.
action Valkyrie The true story of a plot masterminded by German army officers to assassinate Adolph Hitler - with a bomb - and take over the government during World War II. With Bill Nighy, directed by Bryan Singer (X-Men).
action Sniper: Ultimate Kill For the first time, Brandon Beckett, Richard Miller and Sgt. Thomas Beckett join forces in Colombia to take down a brutal drug cartel.
action Hakaider: The Extended Director's Cut (Original Japanese Version) The darkest force of destruction is now the only hope for salvation! In the far future, peace and violence walk hand as a robot once pent on destruction becomes humanity's only hope for survival.
action Jungle Run A search for their missing father turns deadly when sibling adventurers find themselves viciously attacked by jungle animals. But as they fight back against the relentless onslaught they start to realize something much more sinister may be behind the attacks.
action The Lost City of Z The Lost City of Z tells the incredible true story of British explorer Percy Fawcett, who journeys into the Amazon at the dawn of the 20th century and discovers evidence of a previously unknown, advanced civilization that may have once inhabited the region.
action The Informer An ex-convict working undercover intentionally gets himself incarcerated again in order to infiltrate the mob at a maximum security prison.
action Force of Nature In this thunderous action-thriller, Mel Gibson, Emile Hirsch, and Kate Bosworth join forces to battle a deadly gang of thieves as a brutal hurricane engulfs the city.
action Die Hard: With a Vengeance A German terrorist plans to rob the Federal Reserve.
action The Hornet's Nest The Hornet's Nest is a groundbreaking and immersive feature film, using unprecedented real footage to tell the story of an elite group of U. S. troops sent on a dangerous mission deep inside one of Afghanistan's most hostile valleys. What was planned as a single day strike turned into nine intense days of combat against an invisible, hostile enemy in terrain where troops had never dared go before.
action Apocalypto As the Mayan kingdom faces its decline, a young man is taken on a perilous journey to a world ruled by fear and oppression.
action Jamesy Boy Rage-filled teenager James is never one to back down from a fight.  He jumps at the chance to run drugs and guns for a gang and quickly ends up behind bars.  He turns his life around in prison thanks to the unexpected friendship he forms with a convicted murderer.
action Jungle A group of friends join a guide for a trek into the Bolivian jungle, searching for an Indian village. The men soon realize that the jungle is a difficult place to be.
action Enhanced A young woman with enhanced abilities finds herself hunted down by a sinister government organization. But when an even stronger enhanced serial killer emerges on the scene, agents and mutants are forced to question their allegiances.
action Expatriot CIA analyst Riley Quinn lost everything when she blew the whistle on the US government. Hunted into exile, she escaped to Colombia. Two years later, Riley is living a loner lifestyle when suddenly CIA Agent Bill Donovan shows up with an offer. Her name will be cleared if she helps an international task force confiscate millions.
action Goldeneye Bond is thrown right into the action before the title song with an eye-opening cliff dive onto a plane. Sporting his signature debonair attitude and pricey gadgets, Bond investigates the destruction of a Russian satellite base.
action Mission: Impossible II The world’s greatest spy, Ethan Hunt, returns and partners up with the beautiful Nyah Hall to stop renegade agent Sean Ambrose from releasing a new kind of terror on an unsuspecting world.
action Shaolin After ambushing and killing his rival, losing everything in the process, dispirited warlord Hou Jie turns to a Shaolin monastery seeking salvation.
action Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem Residents of a Colorado town become caught up in a longstanding war between two deadly alien races.
action The Sorcerer and the White Snake Jet Li stars as a sorcerer monk in this epic special effects fantasy film based on a Chinese legend.
action The Mongolian Connection Working undercover on a human trafficking bust, FBI agent Wade Dalton must team up with a hard-boiled police detective to deliver a mysterious operative to testify against a crime syndicate that will do anything to stop them
action Die Hard John McClane, officer of the NYPD, tries to save his wife.
action Mission: Impossible III (4K UHD) Ethan Hunt hurdles into spectacular new adventures from Rome to Shanghai as he races to rescue a captured agent and stop Davian from eliminating his next target: Ethan’s wife.
action The Baytown Outlaws After her ex-husband Carlos shoots Celeste three times in the gut and kidnaps her godson, it's time to play dirty. She hires three outlawed and redneck brothers to bring him back to her.
action Puss in Boots You loved him in Shrek...now see where the one-and-only swashbuckling feline found his fame - and a very big pair of boots - in the "hilariously funny" (Associated Press) animated epic!  Here's the true story of The Cat, The Myth, The Legend - Puss In Boots!
action Beyond the Law Steven Seagal, DMX & Johnny Messner star in this action-packed thriller about one man's quest for justice. When a former detective learns of the murder of his son, he must take on the ruthless local mob in his mission for revenge.
action Once Upon a Time in London The violent reign of two of London's most notorious gangsters, Jack 'Spot' Comer and Billy Hill, is grippingly brought to the big screen by visionary director Simon Rumley, in a saga of madness, mayhem and manipulation, reminiscent of British favourites Legend and Peaky Blinders. Starring Leo Gregory (Green Street), Terry Stone (Rise of the Footsoldier) and Jamie Foreman (Layer Cake).
action A Frosty Affair In this romantic comedy, a small-town teacher is on her way to the city for her wedding when a blizzard strikes and she is snowed in. An unlikely adventure with a lumberjack leaves her questioning her future wedding plans.
action Breach Bruce Willis stars in the action-packed, Sci-fi thriller. Fleeing a devastating plague on Earth, an interstellar ark comes under attack from new threat; a shape-shifting alien force intent on slaughtering what is left of humanity.
action Mortal In this spellbinding thriller, a psychologist puts her life in danger when she finds herself drawn to a mysterious murder suspect who claims to possess godlike powers.
action Iron Sky: The Coming Race The truth behind the creation of mankind will be revealed when an old enemy leads our heroes on an adventure into the Hollow Earth. To save humanity they must fight an ancient shapeshifting reptilian race and their army of dinosaurs.
action The Protectors After finding out the truth about his alien ancestry, the world's first superhero joins forces with a group of local vigilantes, leading them in a fight against a secret society's plans to enact a new world order.
action The Missing In 1885, a woman must join forces with her estranged father to rescue her kidnapped daughter.
action No Tears for the Dead Abandoned by his mother shortly after immigrating to America, Gon is raised by the mafia and grows up to become a cold-blooded hitman. While on a job, Gon makes the mistake of killing an innocent young girl. Guilt takes over his life and things become worse when his boss orders him to kill the young girl's mother, whom he falls in love with. Korean Language film with English subtitles.
action Brothers HD. The wife of a soldier who is reported missing and presumed dead in Afghanistan develops a close relationship to his ne'er-do-well brother.
action A Vigilante After escaping her dangerous husband, a woman (Olivia Wilde) turns avenger to help victims of domestic abuse in this electrifying, fight-packed action-thriller.
action No Way Out A taut suspense thriller set within the protected inner reaches of the Pentagon.  A beautiful woman is brutally murdered, and the secretary of defense brings in a young naval commander to find the killer.  The secretary doesn't know that the girl and the commander were in love, but the commander knows that the secretary killed her!
action The Girl Who Played With Fire In the second installment of Stieg Larsson's phenomenal "Millennium" trilogy, Lisbeth Salander goes on the run after being accused of three murders. It’s up to journalist Mikael Blomkvist to investigate and clear her name.
action Lady Lawman The true story of Francis Miller, the first deputy marshal in the Old West.  Hoping to find the killer of her husband, Miller must prove she can hold her own with the men in the posse hunting down a vicious outlaw.
action FLU A deadly virus is unleashed on an unsuspecting public. A human trafficker covered in oozing red rashes and coughing up blood dies at a hospital. Within hours, the virus spreads all over the city and death goes viral as the body count rapidly rises. In the city, no one gets in, no one gets out, and everything begins to spiral out of control! Korean Language film with English subtitles.
action Kill Zone 2 In this frenetic follow-up to modern martial arts epic, Kill Zone, action icons Tony Jaa and Wu Jing team up with Hong Kong megastars Simon Yam and Louis Koo for a breakneck story of dirty cops, prison riots, and black market organ transplants, all brought together by a non-stop series of inventive, bone-crunching set pieces.
action Special Forces A French journalist in Afghanistan is kidnapped by the Taliban.
action First Shot The President of the United States is shot in a remote location and cannot be moved.  Our secret service woman must protect him while trying to discover who did it.
action Vehicle 19 A paroled man picks up the wrong rental vehicle and quickly realizes that he is the target of an entire police force. The cops will do anything to stop the corruption testimony of a woman he discovered tied-up in the vehicle's trunk.
action 47 Meters Down: Uncaged Four teen girls diving in a ruined underwater city quickly learn they've entered the territory of the deadliest shark species in the claustrophobic labyrinth of submerged caves.
action Mission: Impossible Ethan Hunt, a secret agent, is framed for the deaths of his espionage team and attempts to flee government assassins after him. He races against the clock in order to discover the truth.
action Moby Dick (1956) Gregory Peck is magnificent as Captain Ahab, the surly sailor who loses his leg to a gigantic, crafty white whale in this stunning visual tribute to the great literary classic. Orson Welles co-stars.
action The Double When a United States Senator is murdered, the evidence points to a Soviet assassin, who was long-thought to be dead.
action By Dawn's Early Light A non-NATO nuclear missile is fired from Turkey at USSR, where it detonates. Soviet response is automatic as it's seen as a NATO missile. Can continued escalation be avoided? We follow the US president and a bomber crew.
action Most Wanted Inspired by a gripping true story, an investigative reporter (Josh Hartnett) fights to expose the twisted truth behind a heroin bust orchestrated by dirty cops to frame an innocent man – sentencing him to life in a Thai prison.
action 6 Days Unfolding over six terrifying days, this film tells all sides of the incredible true story of six heavily-armed gunmen who invaded the Iranian Embassy in London, taking 26 people hostage. Negotiators, police, politicians and the highest military officials wrestle over the correct response, all observed by some of the world's first live TV news coverage.
action The Corrupted Liam McDonagh (Sam Claflin), an ex-con attempting to live a peaceful life is thrust into action when his brother becomes entangled in a dangerous web of corruption. Liam must risk it all to save his family.
action Judge Dredd Joseph Dredd is convicted for a crime he did not commit.
action The Terminator A cyborg is sent from the future to assassinate a young woman who is destined to give birth to a son who will become the key to saving humanity. Directed by James Cameron.
action Swelter A sheriff with acute memory loss in a nameless town comes up against four ruthless, escaped convicts he helped rob a Vegas casino with a decade earlier.
action Falcon Rising The first installment in an action franchise, entitled CODENAME: FALCON, will center around former Marine John "Falcon" Chapman, a dark anti-hero driven by guilt and suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, who will destroy himself unless given something else to destroy - a useful weapon-of-last-resort for the U.S. State Department.
action Enemy at the Gates A young Russian sharpshooter, faces the ultimate challenge in the midst of the Battle of Stalingrad. He then finds himself caught in a game of cat-and-mouse with an elite Nazi sniper.
action Big Mommas: Like Father, Like Son HD. 'Big Momma' is dragged out of mothballs when FBI man Martin Lawrence must go undercover--in a girls school.
action Pushpa: The Rise (Hindi) Pushpa Raj (Allu Arjun) a coolie, volunteers to smuggle red sanders, a rare wood that only grows in Andhra, with the help of novel ideas to smuggle the red sanders. Pushpa quickly becomes leader of red sanders smuggling network. While Pushpa is at his prime, a ruthless police officer Bhanwar Singh Shekhawat (Fahadh Faasil) takes charge as SP and ridicules Pushpa for his lineage.
action Red Cliff (English Subtitled) English Subtitles.  Legendary Hong Kong action specialist John Woo and international superstar Tony Leung reunite for their first feature film together since 1992's Hard Boiled with this historical drama set during the decisive 208 A.D. battle that heralded the end of the Han Dynasty. Adapted in part from the beloved Chinese tome Romance of the Three Kingdoms, Red Cliff opens in the year 208 A.D., just as Prime Minister-turned-General Cao Cao (Zhang Fengyi) seeks permission from Han dynasty Emperor Xian (Wang Ning) to organize a southward-bound mission designed to silence troublesome warlords Liu Bei (You Yong) and Sun Quan (Chang Chen).
action Weekend at Bernie's Two guys (Andrew McCarthy, Jonathan Silverman) party with their bumped-off boss (Terry Kiser) at this Long Island beach house, and no one notices.
action Imprisoned | Laurence Fishburne In the thriller, IMPRISONED, Dylan Burke (Juan Pablo Raba), attempts to move on from his former life as a criminal, with his true love, Maria (Juana Acosta). He soon realizes that his past will continue to haunt him, when he learns the new local prison warden, Daniel Calvin (Laurence Fishburne), has not forgiven him for an old crime.
action Accident Man Mike Fallon, the Accident Man, is a stone-cold killer, he is the best at what he does. But when a loved one is dragged into the London underworld and murdered by his own crew, Fallon is forced to rip apart the life he knew in order to avenge the one person who actually meant something to him.
action Heavy Metal 2000 This sequel to Heavy Metal is a high-octane science fiction adventure concerning a beautiful young woman named Julie who vows vengeance on a ruthless tyrant after he destroys her planet. As with the first film, the stunning visuals are backed by a stellar soundtrack.
action Takers Matt Dillon, Idris Elba, Paul Walker and Hayden Christiansen star in this action-packed thriller full of twists and turns.
action Stratton A British Special Boat Service commando tracks down an international terrorist cell.
action Big Brother Martial arts legend Donnie Yen stars as a former soldier recruited for his toughest mission yet - teaching a class of teen delinquents. As he kicks his way into their school and home lives, it becomes clear that his unconventional teaching style might be just what they need.
action Hyena Road Three men, three different paths, caught in conflict but brought together to save lives: a highly skilled sniper who can’t think of his targets as human, an intelligence officer who has never killed while on duty, and a legendary Afghan warrior who left war behind but gets pulled back to battle.
action Monsters of Man A robotics company teams up with a corrupt CIA agent undergoing an illegal, unsanctioned military operation. Dropping four prototype robots into a suspected drug manufacturing camp in the Golden triangle that no one will miss. Six doctors on a good cause witness the brutal slaughter of an innocent village and are forced into a deadly game of cat and mouse as they become the new targets.
action Ice After the whole North of the Equator freezes below zero, a group of people in Los Angeles risk their lives while trying to "escape" from the city's hostile conditions, in order to take a ship to a hotter place on Earth.
action A Living Dog The war between mankind and intelligent machines has begun - and the machines are winning. Tomasz is a deserter who tries to hide as far away from the battle as possible. In the vast emptiness of northern Scandinavia he meets Lilja, the last survivor of a resistance group, who is determined to fight the superior machines.
action Bloodrayne: The Third Reich Half-vampire, half-human, Rayne hides in the shadows slaughtering vampires and those that get in her way.  In 1943 Europe, during World War II, Rayne faces her greatest foe, an army of undead Nazi soldiers led by Ekart Brand, a top Nazi official turned day-walker. Rayne must team up with a group of fighters to defeat Brand and his vampire army before they reach Berlin to grant Hitler immortality.
action Trading Paint A down and out stock car racing legend (John Travolta) is drawn back to the dirt track when his son (Toby Sebastian), an aspiring driver, joins a rival racing team, which sparks an intense and dangerous competition between father and son.
action Get The Gringo A career criminal nabbed by Mexican authorities is placed in a tough prison where he learns to survive with the help of a young boy.
action Ronin When an international team of former Cold War intelligence adversaries meet in a warehouse, their adventure of friendship, intrigue and betrayal has just begun. Like the masterless Samarai of ages past, these modern day Ronin are embarking on their final covert mission -- to recover a mysterious briefcase for an unknown employer and to stay alive.
action Escape and Evasion After his men are killed in Burma, Seth returns home in search of solace in the arms of his dead comrade's sister, Rebecca. She struggles her way through what she suspects is a military cover-up as Seth's reality spirals into disarray and imaginary soldiers inhabit his waking nightmares. Confronted by an unrelenting journalist, he's forced to face the ghosts of his past one last time.
action Sobibor Russia's official submission to the 2019 Academy Awards, "Sobibor" tells the story about the only successful revolt in a Nazi death camp during World War II. The rebellion, led by the Soviet prisoner Alexander Pechersky, took place in the camp Sobibor, located in Poland. He risks many lives, including his own, to set free hundreds of Jewish prisoners.
action Danger Close Major Harry Smith (Travis Fimmel) must lead 108 inexperienced soldiers into an impossible battle in Vietnam. With their ammunition running low and 2,500 Viet Cong closing in, each man searches for the courage to triumph against overwhelming odds.
action Train to Busan Train to Busan is a harrowing zombie horror-thriller that follows a group of terrified passengers fighting their way through a countrywide viral outbreak, trapped on a suspicion-filled, blood-drenched bullet train ride to the Safe Zone...which may or may not still be there.
action Wolves A high-school student wakes to find he is changing into something vicious, unpredictable and wild. He goes in search of his true heritage after his parents are viciously murdered.
action FIR (Telugu) FIR is a thriller story based on the life of a young man named Irfan Ahmed. The narrative captures the story of an innocent man, Irfan, who is caught in inexplicable circumstances that alters his life and everyone around him. The film also depicts the chain of events that shatter Irfan’s life and the media trials that’s quick to portray him as the evil incarnated.
action Queen Marie Devastated by the First World War and plunged into political controversy, Romania's every hope accompanies its queen on her mission to Paris to lobby for international recognition of its great unification at the 1919 peace talks. Based on a true story.
action Robocop (1987) There's a new law enforcer in town...and he's half man, half machine! From director Paul Verhoeven comes this classic, high-powered, sci-fi fantasy about an indestructible high-tech policeman who dishes out justice at every turn. Peter Weller stars.
action Arthur & Merlin: Knights of Camelot Starring Game of Thrones' legend, Richard Brake. 463 AD, England. King Arthur has been absent for five long years, fighting a war that has stricken his knights, left his throne defenceless and his queen at the mercy of Modred. But as he fights to preserve Camelot - the toughest conflict is within himself. Guided by wizard Merlin, Arthur must strive to become the king that his nation needs.
action Wrong Place, Wrong Time An elite team of vigilantes plot to steal 14 billion dollars of laundered money from a notorious mob boss. After being double-crossed, they find refuge in the middle of nowhere with a mysterious family carrying an unsettling secret.
action The Whistleblower This ripped-from-the-headlines thriller is inspired by actual events. Kathy Bolkovac (Rachel Weisz), a Nebraskan police officer, takes a job as a peacekeeper in post-war Bosnia. Her expectations of helping to rebuild a devastated country are dashed when she uncovers a dangerous reality of corruption, cover-up and intrigue amid a world of private contractors and multinational diplomatic doubletalk.
action Break Even Four friends hit the jackpot while scuba diving when they uncover $50 Million in cold hard cash. But the dirty money was planted by a crooked DEA officer working for a ruthless drug kingpin who wants the money retrieved at all costs. Wrapped up in a dangerous game of cat-and-mouse, the friends must outwit them both to make a clean getaway with the cash-and their lives.
action The Package A career Army sergeant is assigned to take a prisoner from Berlin to Washington, D.C. When his prisoner escapes, he finds himself in the middle of a conspiracy whose masterminds want him out of the way.
action Shottas In the tradition of Scarface and The Harder They Come, Shottas is an unapologetic raw urban drama about two young men, Wayne and Biggs, who grow up together on the tough and dangerous streets of Kingston, Jamaica. Eventually moving to the U.S., they begin a ruthless climb to the top of a criminal enterprise in a Miami as they aggressively take control of the Jamaican underworld.
action Alien Conquest Sibling astronomers discover Martians are threatening to attack Earth, but no one believes them-until Martians land and nearly destroy all of New York City.
action National Lampoon's The Legend of Awesomest Maximus From the director of Revenge of the Nerds comes this outrageous sword and sandals spoof! Horny King Looney of Troy sends slacker general Awesomest Maximus to maintain peace with rival King Erotic of Greece. But when Prince Orlando, who's more into fashion than fighting, steals the King's wife Ellen to be his BFF, it's war!
action Line of Duty Aaron Eckhart stars in this race-against-time thriller about a disgraced cop who teams with a live-streaming news broadcaster to try and save the police chief's kidnapped daughter.
action The Rookies Extreme sport lover Zhou Feng got involved in an international illegal trade by accident. So he had to follow an international special agent Bruce to Budapest.
action Candy Candy is the dramatic tale of a female drug lord and her cohorts battling to maintain power in a big city. With respect from the streets and a crooked cop wanting them dead or alive, the only means of survival in the game is drugs, murder and dirty money.
action Malone Burt Reynolds is an ex-CIA agent looking to leave his past behind him. But his dreams of living the quiet life soon goes up in smoke when he stumbles onto a military conspiracy led by a local millionaire and rightwing zealot (Cliff Robertson).
action A Man Possessed After his wife is brutally murdered, a man takes to the streets and into the criminal underground to find her killers and exact revenge.
action Message Man A retired assassin's past catches up with him and his brutality surfaces as he goes on a final killing spree to make things right.
action Toxic Shark What was supposed to be days of relaxation turns deadly for singles when they discover they aren't alone. While enjoying an array of social activities in and around the ocean, the guests have no idea they are being hunted by deadly sharks.
action Missionary Man A mysterious stranger rolls into town on a unique motorcycle. All he carries is the bible and a desire for justice. Past vengeance collides as Ryder rights an injustice from his past and liberates the small town from a malicious oppressor.
action The Rising Hawk The Mongol Empire had grown to the largest the world had ever known. It's armies now laid siege to much of Eastern Europe. A small village fights for freedom in the frontier landscape of the Carpathian Mountains.
action Pushpa: The Rise (Telugu) Pushpa Raj (Allu Arjun) a coolie, volunteers to smuggle red sanders, a rare wood that only grows in Andhra, with the help of novel ideas to smuggle the red sanders. Pushpa quickly becomes leader of red sanders smuggling network. While Pushpa is at his prime, a ruthless police officer Bhanwar Singh Shekhawat (Fahadh Faasil) takes charge as SP and ridicules Pushpa for his lineage.
action The Stolen Princess In a time of valiant knights, beautiful princesses and battling sorcerers, a humble hero named Ruslan fatefully meets the King's daughter, Mila. Despite their standings in society, Mila and Ruslan fall madly in love. However, their happiness is short lived when Mila is abducted by Chernomor, an evil sorcerer. Along with his companions, Ruslan must overcome the forces of evil to save his beloved.
action 127 Hours HD. James Franco shines in the fact-based story of rock climber Aron Ralston who was trapped for five days in a desolate canyon.
action Dances with Wolves Winner of seven Academy Awards including Best Picture, Dances With Wolves chronicles the exploits of Lieutenant John Dunbar (Kevin Costner) during the Civil War. After encountering & eventually being accepted by a Native American tribe, Dunbar's loyalties are put to the test when the army threatens his new home, forcing him to choose between white America or the natives he now calls "his people."
action The Night Crew The Night Crew centers on a group of hard up bounty hunters who must survive the night in a desert motel against a horde of savage border runners. They soon realize that their fugitive, a mysterious Chinese woman, is much more than she lets on.
action BLACKFOX: Age of the Ninja A young girl named Miya, who is chased because of her mysterious abilities, meets Rikka Isurug, who has been born in the family of ninja for generations.
action Operation Red Sea Famed action director Dante Lam returns with this explosive follow-up to his 2016 box office smash Operation Mekong. When a terrorist plot to obtain nuclear materials is hidden under the cover of a violent coup, only the Chinese Navy's elite Jiaolong Assault Team have the deadly skill and precision needed to take on the situation.
action My Grandpa Is An Alien The entire life of a girl named Una is turned upside down when she witnesses that her grandpa is abducted by aliens. Una, in her basement, discovers that her grandpa is an alien himself whose spaceship hit the planet some time ago, and there's still his pilot, a small grumpy robot. Una and the robot have less than 24 hours to find and rescue her grandpa.
action Blackthorn Sam Shepard is Butch Cassidy in this thrilling western about the legendary outlaw's return from exile. After years of quiet, he embarks on his greatest adventure since his glory days with the Sundance Kid.
action Left Behind: World at War Based on the New York Times best-selling novel series. The U.S. president (Lou Gossett Jr.) asks a journalist (Kirk Cameron) and his band of rebels to thwart a world leader's deadly plans.
action Conspiracy A seasoned senior enlisted special operations United States Marine is wounded during combat operations in Iraq. He retires from the Marine Corps and visits a friend in the south west. There he discovers his friend has disappeared and no one will even admit to knowing of him.
action He's Out There On vacation at a remote lake house, a mother and her two young daughters must fight for survival after falling into a terrifying and bizarre nightmare conceived by a psychopath.
action I Am Dragon In the midst of her wedding, Princess Miroslava is kidnapped by a dragon and carried away into his castle on a remote island. Now the only things Mira has are a stone cage and a mysterious young man named Arman... but who is he and what is he doing on that island? Miroslava will know the truth too late: loving a dragon will reveal the bitter truth.
action Girls of the Sun A French journalist, Mathilde, comes to cover the attack in Kurdistan and bears witness to the story of these exceptional “Girls of the Sun” warriors.
action Twelve A young drug dealer watches as his high-rolling life is dismantled in the wake of his cousin's murder, which sees his best friend arrested for the crime.
action Close Range A rogue soldier turned outlaw is thrust into a relentless fight with a corrupt sheriff, his obedient deputies, and a dangerous drug cartel in order to protect his sister and her young daughter.
action Fear Of A Black Planet A young black woman hides in a warehouse as the city around her burns, soon she finds it is just as dangerous inside as outside.
action Righteous Blood Jericho (Michael Pare) is a ruthless gun-for-hire with a bounty hunter hot on his trail. While evading the law, a chance encounter with a priest (Joseph Camilleri) leads to a series of events that challenge his views and change the course of his life forever.
action Survive the Night Bruce Willis and Chad Michael Murray (“One Tree Hill”) must join forces in order to SURVIVE THE NIGHT in this gripping home-invasion thriller about a doctor and his family being held hostage by a wounded gunman and his unhinged brother.
action Home of the Brave The story of four American soldiers nearing the end of their tours of duty in Iraq. Shortly after learning their unit will soon return home, they are sent on one final humanitarian mission to bring medical supplies to a remote Iraqi village. The unit is ambushed and takes heavy losses. The surviving troops suffer both physical and psychological injuries.
action The Horse Soldiers John Wayne, Constance Towers and William Holden star in this 1863, fact-based story about a Union mission to destroy a railroad junction deep within Confederate territory.
action Safe When a second-rate cage fighter, Luke Wright, is tormented by the Russian Mafia and wanders the streets of New York, he witnesses a young Chinese girl Mei, being pursued by the same mafia.
action The Adventurer: The Curse of the Midas Box Ancient mysteries. Powerful evil. And a fearless hero's quest through a fantastical realm of steam-powered wonders and sinister magic. In The Adventurer: The Curse of the Midas Box seventeen-year-old Mariah Mundi's life is turned upside down when his parents vanish and his younger brother is kidnapped.
action We Still Kill the Old Way When retired East End villain Charlie Archer is murdered by a feral street gang, his brother Ritchie returns to London from Spain to investigate.
action 47 Meters Down: Uncaged (4K UHD) Four teen girls diving in a ruined underwater city quickly learn they've entered the territory of the deadliest shark species in the claustrophobic labyrinth of submerged caves.
action Endangered Species In this gripping adventure tale starring Rebecca Romijn (X-Men), a family on safari in Kenya becomes stranded in a wilderness park, at the mercy of rhinos, leopards, hyenas -- and poachers.
action Dino King After the fierce one-eyed T-Rex destroys Speckles' dino family, he is forced to grow up quickly so that he can take on the vicious predator.
action Bad Ass A Vietnam veteran who becomes a local hero after saving a man from attackers on a city bus decides to take action when his best friend is murdered and the police show little interest in solving the crime.
action The Devil's Brigade William Holden gives a heroic, cool-under-fire performance as the leader of WWII's renowned 1st Special Service Force in this fact-based, battle-filled saga that also stars Cliff Robertson.
action Outpost In war-torn Eastern Europe, a world-weary group of mercenaries discover a long-hidden secret in an abandoned WWII bunker.
action Lost in the Sun The story of John, a small time crook, who finds an unlikely accomplice in Louis, a newly-orphaned teenage boy. As their open-road adventure progresses and John drags the kid on a string of robberies, the pair forge an unexpected and powerful bond.
action The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes From the collaborative genius of writer/director Billy Wilder comes this highly entertaining mystery that unfolds from Dr. Watson's (Colin Blakely) diary involving the great Sherlock Holmes (Robert Stephens).
action Walkaway Joe In the tradition of American classics, WALKAWAYJOE is the story of an unlikely friendship between a young boy searching for his father, and a wandering loner hiding from his past. In each other they experience the power of a second chance, and a shot at redemption.
action Jiang Ziya To earn his place amongst the gods, celestial army commander Jiang Ziya must vanquish a terrifying fox demon threatening the very existence of the mortal realm. The follow up to international blockbuster, Ne Zha and second chapter in the Fengshen Cinematic Universe.
action Sniper 3 Sniper Thomas Beckett (Tom Berenger) is hired by NSA officials, William Avery (Denis Arndt) and Richard Addis (William Duffy) to perform a covert operation to eliminate a suspected terrorist. The terrorist turns out to be a friend of Beckett's and the real purpose of the mission turns out to be something other than what Beckett was told.
action Sheena Sheena grew up in the African wild, raised by a mystical witch woman. When her foster mother is framed for a murder Sheena is forced to flee, helped by her ability to talk to animals and her knowledge of the jungle.
action Hostile Juliette, a lone survivor of an apocalyptic era, fights to survive against hunger, thirst, a broken leg and strange, disturbing creatures that only come out at nighttime.
action Vibes Two psychics are hired to find the location of a lost Incan city Located somewhere in the Ecuadorian mountains, that is said to hide a great treasure.
action Robocop 2 This first sequel pits Robocop against a gang of drug dealers and the title creature--a supposedly improved version of himself that has gone berserk.
action F/X II Rollie Tyler, a cinematic special effects wizard and Leo McCarthy, Rollie's tough N.Y. police detective pal, are drawn out of retirement to assist Rollie's girlfriend in hunting down the would-be killer of her ex-husband.
action Recoil After the murder of his family, former cop John Varrett goes vigilante in order find the criminals that have slipped through the system and exercise his own brand of ruthless justice.
action Red Water A group of oil workers being held hostage by a group of gangsters on a small oil rig are attacked by a freshwater bull shark.
action The Beastmaster Marc Singer and Tanya Roberts in a sword-and-sorcery fantasy about a young man's search for revenge. Armed with supernatural powers, the handsome hero and his animal allies wage war against marauding forces.
action 10 Minutes Gone In this gripping thriller starring Bruce Willis, a safecracker (Michael Chiklis) wakes up from a traumatic head injury after a heist gone wrong and must find the traitor who set him up.
action Street Fighter II: The Animated Movie Based on the legendary video game series. This anime classic follows Ryu, a talented fighter who may be the greatest in all of the world, and Bison, the evil mastermind searching for Ryu's talents.
action Left Behind: The Movie After learning that millions have completely vanished, an airline pilot, his daughter and others work together to unravel the mystery of those left behind in this film based on the hugely popular book series.
action Exit Speed Ten strangers aboard a bus are forced off the road by a nomadic biker gang. Taking refuge in an abandoned scrap yard, they use improvised weapons, adrenaline and sheer guts to mount a defense against the murderous bikers. As their numbers dwindle, they realize that their survival depends on doing the unthinkable - fighting for their lives!
action The Wall A deadly psychological thriller that follows two soldiers pinned down by an Iraqi sniper, with nothing but a crumbling wall between them.
action 6 Below When a snowstorm strands former professional hockey player Eric LeMarque (Josh Hartnett) atop the Sierra Nevada Mountains for eight days, he is forced to face his past and come to terms with his personal demons and rediscover the power of faith within him in order to survive.
action Mojin: The Worm Valley Following in the footsteps of blockbuster Mojin: The Lost Legend and based on the bestselling novel series, Mojin: The Worm Valley once again finds legendary tomb explorer Hu Bayi on a dangerous mission as he seeks out the Tomb of Emperor Xian, located on an island of monstrous creatures in this mystical action-adventure.
action Cartel 2045 The year is 2045, the continuing drug war has caused havoc between The United States and Mexico. Gear Side International, a robotics engineering company on the brink of bankruptcy, sells off their technology to the Cartel on the black market. With the advanced military robotics technology in the wrong hands the cartel uses it to their advantage; replacing their enforcers, hit men, and soldiers.
action Kill Order Chaos erupt when a group of armed men break into a high school classroom. They target David a quiet kid who secretly suffer from unexplained memories of a horrifying past. Tapping into a previously unknown strength David fights off his attacker and goes on the run. With his life and the lives of his loved ones in jeopardy David must master the use of his new superhuman strength and fighting skills
action The Pagan King On his deathbed, the reigning king bestows power to an unexpected heir who must find the strength within himself to unite his people against the violent crusades that threaten their freedom.
action Tom Clancy's The Division: Agent Origins (4K UHD) New York City teeters on the brink of collapse after being devastated by a pandemic. Four newly activated agents of a secret organization called The Division must leave their old lives behind to prevent the fall of civilization. Tom Clancy's The Division™: Agent Origins, inspired by the groundbreaking video game by Ubisoft®.
action Hell Behind Bars A woman murders her boyfriends and steals some diamonds he has smuggled. She gets found out though, and locked in a prison with an evil sadistic lesbian warden. She immediately sets about planning her escape with some of her fellow inmates, but the plans are even more difficult than they seemed when set in motion.
action Ice Soldiers A scientist discovers the bodies of three frozen genetically modified Russians buried in the Canadian North. Upon thawing them out he realizes he has unleashed a deadly threat to Western society and must stop them at all costs.
action 633 Squadron A WWII Royal Air Force squadron prepare for an important and dangerous mission   to demolish a Nazi-run munitions factory deep in the fjords of Norway - an installation which is a source of fuel for German rocket-launching. Based on the novel by Frederick E. Smith.
action The Great Escape Steve McQueen jumps on his motorcycle and leads the way in this thrill-packed adventure that blends top stars, a true-life WWII saga and Hollywood's gift for storytelling into a bravura, blockbuster film.
action The Bag Girls When life changes dramatically for Deandrea, she engages three female partners to perform dangerous heists in the corrupt streets of Miami.
action Invincible Dragon When a brilliant but trigger-happy detective is outsmarted by a serial killer, he pays a high price for his error. An old rival may be the key to solving his fiancee's disappearance-and apprehending the killer
action Female Agents May 1944. A five-woman commando unit parachutes into occupied France on a daring and dangerous mission to protect the secret of the D-Day Landings and eliminate Colonel Heindrich, the head of German counter-intelligence. Starring Sophie Marceau (The Party), Deborah François (Populaire) and Julie Depardieu.
action You Only Live Once Lance Wilson has gotten himself caught up in a major money scheme. After losing a million dollars he is now a wanted man on the run for his life. Now he must survive a perilous night in Philly or suffer the consequences.
action Mission: Impossible III Ethan Hunt hurdles into spectacular new adventures from Rome to Shanghai as he races to rescue a captured agent and stop Davian from eliminating his next target: Ethan’s wife.
action Burt Lancaster, Audrey Hepburn, The Unforgiven - In Technicolor & Uncut! This classic film from one of the greatest directors of the 20th century (John Huston), boasts an incredible cast. Well-shot and well-acted, with a solid story to boot,...The neighbors of a frontier family turn on them when it is suspected that their adopted daughter was stolen from the local Kiowa tribe. There is plenty of action and suspense with Indian fights, dramatic events, & more.
action Silent Trigger Waxman is a former Special Forces soldier who is now working as a heavily armed assassin for a top secret government agency. When a covert mission goes terribly wrong, Waxman and fellow assassin Clegg become that agency's prime targets.
action The Eagle Has Landed A Nazi Strike Force plots to kidnap Winston Churchill while he is resting in a desolate Norfolk village. Disguised as Polish airmen, Colonel Radl (Duvall), Colonel Stenier (Caine) and Liam Devlin (Sutherland) descend upon England only to be interrupted by an unforeseeable incident which threatens to derail their treacherous mission.
action Last Rampage The true crime thriller of Gary Tison and Randy Greenawalt's escape from prison and the murderous rampage that followed.
action Forbidden Empire In the18th century, cartographer Jonathan Green undertakes a scientific voyage from Europe to the East. He finds a small village lost in woods whose inhabitants have dug a moat to defend themselves from the outside world. Guided by a belief that they can save themselves from evil, they fail to understand that evil has nestled in their souls and is waiting to gush out upon the world.
action Airline Disaster: Crash of the Century March 27, 1977. At 2:00 in the afternoon, a thick fog rolled into the usually quiet Los Rodeos Airport in Tenerife, in the Canary Islands. On the runway sat two fully loaded jumbo airliners. An explosion at a nearby airport had redirected air traffic to the undermanned airfield this island. Within three hours, 583 people would be dead. This film reconstructs the moments leading up to the tragedy.
action Tick Tock A wealthy man becomes suspicious of his younger wife and hires a private detective in time to thwart her plans to have him killed.
action The Lost Battalion Fact-based war drama about an American battalion of over 500 men which gets trapped behind enemy lines in the Argonne Forest in October 1918 France during the closing weeks of World War I.
action Summer School Cut-rate If this vans rockin', don't bother knockin' classic for teensploitation schlockophiles. It's all here: jocks, boogie boardin', and plenty of shag van vs. four wheelin' gangs with elevated hormones. The acting makes Police Academy seem like Becket in comparison, and everything else is bottom of the barrel, too.
action Ambush at Dark Canyon Duke Donovan, a famous lawman turned bank robber, plans a daring escape from prison with help from an old buffalo soldier. If he cannot break out, his ex-partner will murder his wife and ruin the legacy of the U.S. Marshals.
action Metal Skin Panic Madox-1 A mechanic accidentally gets stuck in anti-tank mecha. When the military comes after him to reclaim it, he has no choice but to defend himself.
action The Aeronauts In 1862, daredevil balloon pilot Amelia Wren (Felicity Jones) teams up with pioneering meteorologist James Glaisher (Eddie Redmayne) to advance human knowledge of the weather and fly higher than anyone in history.
action White Lightning Burt Reynolds stars as a moonshiner who wages war against corrupt police officials in this action extravaganza full of epic car chases, bone-crunching brawls and terrific acting by a stellar cast that includes Ned Beatty, Diane Ladd and Bo Hopkins.
action Fugitive Nights: Danger In The Desert Brenda Burrows (Teri Garr), a 20-year LAPD detective turned Palm Springs P.I., enlists the aide of soon-to-be-retired police detective Lynn Cutter (Sam Elliott) in an ordinary surveillance only to have another gung-ho police officer entangle them in a fugitive investigation which leads to murder.
action Blame While on vacation in rural Wisconsin, five friends seek refuge in a lone building after their vehicle crashes in a vicious snow storm. With no cell phone service, the group splits up to find help, but when they reunite, one of them is found dead.
action White Sands A small southwestern town Sheriff finds a body in the desert with a suitcase and five hundred thousand dollars. He impersonates the man and stumbles into an F.B.I. investigation.
action The Omega Code Ancient codes hidden within the Torah reveal the secrets of global events, past, present, and future. One man is after the Code, seeking the power to change the world as we know it... for the worse. Another seeks the truth, risking his life and everything he stands for in order to stop him.
action Knights of Badassdom Live-action role players conjure up a demon from Hell by mistake and they must deal with the consequences.
action 7500 When terrorists try to seize control of a Berlin-Paris flight, a soft-spoken young American co-pilot struggles to save the lives of the passengers and crew while forging a surprising connection with one of the hijackers.
action Knockout Outsider and new kid Matthew desperately wants to join his high school's boxing team, but resident bully and boxing champion Hector stands in his way. Facing constant torment, Matthew finds an unlikely ally in Dan, the school's janitor and one-time amateur boxer. Together, they train for the biggest boxing match of Matthew's life and discover what it truly means to be a winner.
action Blood On Her Name A woman's decision to cover up an accidental killing spirals out of control when her conscience demands she return the dead man's body to his family.
action Foxy Brown A voluptuous black vigilante takes a job as a high-class prostitute to get revenge on the mobsters who murdered her boyfriend.
action Never Grow Old After a vicious outlaw (John Cusack) takes over a peaceful frontier town, an undertaker (Emile Hirsch) must choose between profits and survival in this gritty western.
action Redcon-1 After a deadly viral outbreak, an elite squad of special force soldiers must infiltrate a quarantine zone to rescue a scientist who holds the only cure to save mankind. In a last attempt to contain the mutated virus, they launch a final strike against the infected, risking all of humanity in the process.
action Brotherhood of Blades Three sworn brothers are tasked with annihilating a corrupt fugitive and his followers, but a mistake reveals the brothers are being used as pawns in a deadly game filled with secrets, conspiracies and lethal consequences.
action The Prey Xin is on an undercover mission, when a surprise raid puts him in a remote jungle prison that plays by its own rules. A ruthless warden is selling prisoners as human prey for rich hunters looking for thrills in the jungle, a most dangerous game.
action The 36th Chamber of Shaolin This internationally renowned, award-winning, trailblazing masterpiece broke all the rules (and box-office records). The legendary director's charismatic adoptive brother stars as an anti-Ching rebel who learns what it truly takes to be a martial arts master, chamber by challenging chamber...
action Firewalker Two hapless soldiers of misfortune (Chuck Norris, Louis Gossett Jr.) meet a beautiful girl (Melody Anderson) with a map to a lost gold mine and decide to have one last shot at striking it rich. But the trail to the treasure is no yellow brick road!
action The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course Aussie adventurer Steve Irwin -- a.k.a. "The Crocodile Hunter" -- has avoided the death-roll and nabbed another feisty croc, hoping to save it from poachers. What Steve doesn't know is that the crocodile has innocently swallowed a top secret U.S. satellite beacon, and the poachers are actually American special agents sent to retrieve it. Crikey!
action Cowboys vs. Dinosaurs After an accidental explosion at a local mine, dinosaurs emerge from the rubble to terrorize a small western town. Now, a band of gunslingers must defend their home in an all-out battle of cowboys versus dinosaurs.
action Abducted Melanie is married to Tom, a controlling, cold and self-centered man who happens to be the Prison Warden. He finds her to be a liability in his career aspirations and secretly plans to have her kidnapped and killed by a dangerous inmate, Jack.
action Copper Bill Two thieves (AEW's Dustin Rhodes and Thom Hallum) attempt to steal 80 million dollars of hidden Texas drug money from the famed ranch belonging to a dead member of the Cowboy Mafia.
action Harry Brown Harry Brown, starring two-time Academy Award winner Michael Caine, follows one man's journey through a chaotic world where teenage violence runs rampant. As a modest, law abiding citizen, Brown lives alone. His only companion is his best friend Leonard. When Leonard is killed, Brown reaches his breaking point. Harry Brown is a powerful, character driven thriller.
action Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects International superstar Charles Bronson is a vice squad veteran forced to battle his own racial prejudices when he's assigned to track down a young Japanese girl enslaved by a vicious child prostitution ring.
action The Hard Corps An Army veteran assembles a team of bodyguards to protect a former boxer. Complications arise when the boxer suspects his sister may be romantically involved with the bodyguard.
action The Final Master In 1930s China, unrest rules the nation.  Chen, the last Wing Chun master, arrives in Tianjin to expand his kung fu - but his ambition gets him entangled in a power struggle between Tianjin's martial arts Grandmaster, a dominant underworld Madam, and the town's military leaders.
action My Name Is Nobody From western legend Sergio Leone comes a rollicking shoot-'em-up! Young, ambitious gunman Nobody sets his eye on his idol, gunslinger Jack Beauregard, who's intent on sailing off into retirement.
action Iron Monkey 2 Donnie Yen fights a deadly assassin named Tiger Yu and teaming a band of insurrectionists battling a malevolent gang of weapons smugglers.
action The Alamo John Wayne and Richard Widmark star in this historical film spectacular about the attack by Mexican troops on the Alamo.
action Atlantis Untold Brother & sister Jack & Skye Noble travel on a ship with their father across the Atlantic from Australia to their deceased mother's home in Cornwall.  Shipwrecked alone on a remote island they are sucked deep into a dangerous world where mystical Guides of Light prepare them to face the evil The Dream Crusher who opposes their journey.  Their struggles bring them to the legendary City of Atlantis.
action Volcano: Fire on the  Mountain A USGS scientist attempts to convince his boss and the residents of Angel Falls, California that a nearby volcano is about to erupt.
action Anti-Trust When Milo graduates from college and lands his dream job writing software at a multi-billion dollar computer company, he couldn't be more thrilled. The company's magnetic founder that he worshipped as a child is now his personal mentor.  In his position, Milo uncovers some dark secrets about the firm and learns that he can't trust anyone but himself in the high stakes world of computer technology.
action Beowulf and Grendel Danish king Hrothgar and his warriors kill a troll whose son, Grendel, vows revenge.
action Flightplan Kyle Pratt's 6-year-old daughter vanishes without a trace.
action 4/20 Massacre Five young women decide to celebrate a birthday by camping in a nearby national park over a weekend. However, their fun ends when they stumble on an illegal marijuana operation hidden and protected by a bloodthirsty maniac.
action Saints and Soldiers: Airborne Creed Three members of an airborne unit come under attack upon landing in France and risk their lives to help a group of resistance fighters. Viewer Discretion Advised. TV-14-V
action Outcast A mysterious warrior teams up with the daughter and son of a deposed Chinese Emperor to defeat their cruel brother, who seeks their deaths.
action Force 10 from Navarone A group of allied commandos, led by Robert Shaw, infiltrate Yugoslavia on a secret mission against the Thrid Reich. Their orders: blow a giant dam in order to crush a strategic bridge held by the Nazis. Picture is filled with action, intrigue and double-crosses.
action Janosik The story of Janosik, a legendary "Central European Robin Hood", based on real XVIII century documents and a romantic legend. Young Janosik, burnt out by war experiences and disappointment in love, joins a team of brigands. Soon after he becomes the troop's leader and is recognized as a brave and honorable commander, he never kills anyone he robs.
action First Target The Secret Service attempts to prevent an elaborately plotted assassination attempt on the President.
action The Breed Vampires have lived among us, in relative peace, for hundreds of years. However, one blood-thirsty member of the undead is out to change that. In hot pursuit is a young cop and his new partner, a noble vampire intent on righting the wrongs of his kin.
action Trapp Life Lucci and Baby Mama are knee-deep in the trap life. Both have dreams of trading the trap game for the rap game, but that's easier said than done. When Baby Mama gets locked up, Lucci is pulled deeper into the fast life of money, power, and chicks.
action Super Fast Undercover cop, Paul White joins Vin Serentos LA gang of illegal street racers. They are fast and furious and they plan to double cross crime kingpin Juan Carlos de la Sol who hides his cash in a downtown Taco Bell. The gangs outrageous plan is as daring as it is ridiculous but as Vin Serento says: It s not the car you drive... it is the driver who drives the car who is doing the driving.
action Shadow Man An intelligence operative discovers that no one is what they seem in the shadowy world of espionage.
action Sahara IA tank commander and his men along with a group of assorted stragglers they picked up along the way try to keep a limited supply of water away from the Nazis.
action Detective MJ: Shadow of a Hero Detective Mason Jones aka Detective MJ, is a Washington DC homicide detective, who is caught in between a homicide case and a war between two gangsters that run the Washington DC underground scene.
action War Path Joel Carrero, a newlywed and contract killer, goes on the run after a botched job that involves the murder of a police officer. With the police and colleagues in pursuit, he must come to grips with his past, his future, and must save his wife over the course of a very long weekend.
action Vengeance Served Cold As a child, Madison Michaels witnessed her mother being killed by a local pimp. Once she becomes an adult, she develops a plan to get vengeance on him for murdering her mother.
action The Bounty Based on the novel, "Captain Bligh and Mr. Christian," this is the story of a 1789 mutiny aboard the H.M.S. Bounty in which an idyllic voyage to Tahiti turns a crew against it's Captain when they find tropical paradise and unlimited sex, but the Captain decides to leave and take his crew on a perilous voyage around Cape Horn.
action Haymaker Haymaker follows a retired Muay Thai fighter (Sasso) working as a bouncer, who rescues an alluring transgender performer (Ruiz) from a nefarious thug, eventually becoming her bodyguard, protector, and confidant. The relationship leads Sasso's character to make an unexpected return to fighting, risking not only his relationship, but his life. It's a story about human dignity and love.
action Iron Sky In the last moments of World War II, a secret Nazi space program evaded destruction by fleeing to the Dark Side of the Moon. During 70 years of utter secrecy, the Nazis construct a gigantic space fortress with a massive armada of flying saucers. Soon, this unstoppable attack fleet will swarm towards Earth, heralding the triumphant return of the Fourth Reich.
action Numb When a couple in financial distress discover GPS coordinates that promise to lead to stolen gold they must partner with a pair of mysterious hitchhikers to enter the remote winter wilderness to recover the coins.
action Juncture Soft-spoken Anna transforms herself into a ruthless vigilante bent on hunting down file criminals who have somehow eluded justice... until now.
action Carolina Low Childhood friends Henry and Oshel leave a peaceful life behind when they start robbing trains and banks in the hills of North Carolina in this depression-era Appalachian western.
action Skinwalker After looting a Native American burial site, a hunter unleashes the Skinwalker, a shape shifting demon. Once thought to be only a legend, this ancient evil returns from the grave to wreak a terrible vengeance on all who cross its path.
action Dawn Rider When the father of gunslinger John Mason is shot to death by masked bandits, Mason sets out with guns blazing to track down those who killed him. During his quest, he finds himself involved in a grim love triangle when he falls for Alice. Based on the timeless John Wayne adventure, Dawn Rider is a riveting saga of retribution, duty and valor in the American West.
action Sharknado When a freak tornado swamps Los Angeles, thousands of sharks terrorize the waterlogged populace, and nature's deadliest killer rules sea, land, and air.
action Mega Shark vs Crocosaurus The massive prehistoric shark has survived the last battle, and the world is again threatened when a new, more dangerous foe is discovered in the jungles of Africa.
action Dead Sound Based on a true story, what started as a celebratory outing went terribly wrong. A group of college friends who miss the last boat to an island party are held hostage by the deranged fishing boat crew they hire to take them across Long Island Sound. What follows is a gripping and bloody game of cat and mouse, where everyone does what they need to do to survive.
action The Vikings Kirk Douglas, Ernest Borgnine, Janet Leigh and Tony Curtis star in this robust adventure tale of the fierce Norse raiders who swept over Europe engaging in bloody raids and gory sword battles.
action Abandoned The true story of four men who face almost certain death when their yacht capsizes. With little more than hope and each other, the men drift in the frigid Pacific for 119 days.
action Mahaan (Telugu) 'Mahaan' follows the turbulent journey of a middle-aged simple man, who later becomes a pride billionaire, followed by unexpected haywire challenges he starts to face soon after.
action Bayou Caviar Oscar winner Cuba Gooding, Jr.'s directorial debut is a thrilling story of sex, murder and revenge set in Louisiana.  Also starring Oscar winner Richard Dreyfus, Famke Janssen (X-Men: Days of Future Past) and Katharine McPhee (Scorpion).
action The Collector Desperate to repay his debt to his ex-wife, an ex-con plots a heist at his new employer's country home, unaware that a second criminal has also targeted the property, and rigged it with a series of deadly traps.
action Alien Apocalypse An astronaut doctor Ivan Hood and his fellow astronaut Kelly return from their mission in space to find the world has been taken over by aliens. Now Dr. Ivan Hood and Kelly must lead a revolution to free the human slaves from their alien masters.
action The Foreigner Michael Oblowitz directs Steven Seagal in this action film. Seagal portrays a secret agent named Cold who is hired to transport something from France to America. As he continues his travels, he finds he can trust no one, and that many people are out to do him harm in order to secure the contents of his package.
action Railroad Tigers In this action-comedy caper harkening back to Jackie Chan's classic Hong Kong films, a railroad worker (Chan) and his ragtag group of freedom fighters find themselves on the wrong side of the tracks when they decide to ambush a heavily armed military train filled with desperately needed provisions.
action Tad: The Lost Explorer Tad's dreams of being a famous adventurer finally come true when he is mistaken for a real professor and whisked away to Peru!  With the voices of Kerry Shale (Thomas & Friends), Ariel Winter (Modern Family) and Cheech Marin.
action Bad Asses on the Bayou Frank Vega (Danny Trejo)) and Bernie Pope (Danny Glover) return, this time to Louisiana in an attempt to find a kidnapped friend.
action The Suspect Dong-chul is the best field agent in North Korea until he's abandoned during a mission and his wife and daughter go missing. On the run, torn between grief and vengeance, he's desperate to uncover the truth - and he'll start a war to get it.
action American Animals The unbelievable but true story of four young men who brazenly attempt to execute one of the most audacious art heists in U.S. history.
action Highlander: The Movie An immortal Scottish swordsman must confront the last of his immortal opponent, a murderously brutal barbarian who lusts for the fabled "Prize".
action Lionheart An Ex-French Solider begins participating in underground street fights in order to make money for his brother's family.
action The Come Up Everything is good when you're making money but what happens when illegal gains turn into prison time?
action Big Legend Following the trail of his missing fiance, one man finds more than he bargained for when teaming up with a local hunter who has his eyes set on the ultimate prize: finding Bigfoot.
action Legend of the Red Dragon A young father and his infant son are beset by forces of evil and corruption. They wander China, upholding their sense of honor and protecting the weak. When they are forced into combat, spectacular and hilarious fast-motion kung fu sequences follow. In the end, they must call on all of their abilities in a battle royale, to attempt to vanquish a supernatural man-monster or die trying.
action Double Impact Double Van Damme! Separated at birth, a pair of tough-as-nails twins reunite in Hong Kong to avenge their parents' murders. High kicking, bone-crunching action!
action Bad Ass 2: Bad Asses Frank Vega (Danny Trejo) teams up with grumpy old agoraphobic Bernie Pope (Danny Glover) to kick ass and clean up the streets of L.A.
action Into the Sun When a government official is killed, an American operative with experience in the Yakuza culture is brought in to investigate.
action Thunderbolt and Lightfoot Clint Eastwood plays John "Thunderbolt" Doherty, a big-time thief in hiding who hooks up with a goofy young drifter, Lightfoot (Jeff Bridges). First attempting to escape from a couple of vengeful former partners (George Kennedy, Geoffrey Lewis), then joining forces with them to pull off a risky robbery, Eastwood & Bridges give us an ultimately touching portrait of masculine friendship.
action Deadly Inferno While employees are working in a building under renovations, a janitor accidentally sets off a lethal and explosive chain reaction leaves several people injured and trapped throughout the building. It will be up to firefighter Ray Vargas to find a way to bring everyone to safety, but his rescue is complicated as the structural integrity declines.
action Asteroid: Final Impact Scientist Steve Thomas is an outcast after whistleblowing on the military for using his asteroid tracking satellite for spying. Discovering a giant asteroid headed at Earth, Steve attempts to save humanity.
action Jabberwocky In the Dark Ages, a horrendous monster casts a dreadful pall of fear over a once-happy land. Dennis, a young villager who wants nothing of adventure, goes on a journey, leading him into a town where a dragon named Jabberwocky is on a murderous spree. Can Dennis kill the dragon and save the kingdom?
action The House of Suh A chilling exploration of the tragic history of the Suh family and the murder that shocked America - when the picture perfect son, Andrew, shot and killed his sister's fiancé at her bidding.
action Hick Small town teenager Luli escapes to Las Vegas, leaving behind her alcoholic and abusive parents.  Armed with her smarts, a pistol and pocket money, she hitchhikes her way west.  Along the way, Luli crosses paths with Eddie, an unstable rebel with questionable motives and Glenda, a cocaine-snorting drifter on the run.
action Dead Snow 2: Red vs. Dead The lone survivor of Dead Snow's Zombie attack wakes in the hospital with his severed arm replaced with the arm of his Nazi nemesis, sparking a rampage of revenge by raising an undead army of his own.
action Storm Chasers After her meteorologist husband is killed by a tornado, Jamie Marshall devotes her life to using his theories that such violent twisters are predictable.
action J.D.'s Revenge Murdered on Bourbon Street in 1942 New Orleans, a gangster returns from the dead 34 years later   possessing the body of a young, black law student in his quest for revenge.
action Kill Chain A hotel room shootout between two assassins kicks off a long night where bodies fall like dominoes, as we follow a chain of crooked cops, gangsters, hitmen, a femme fatale and an ex-mercenary through a relay of murder, betrayal, revenge and redemption.
action Attack Force Marshall Lawson loses his strike-team in a cold-blooded random attack. Afterwards, he uncovers CTX Majestic, a covert military operation so secret, that now the military wants Marshall eliminated. Resolute in his pursuit, Marshall engages in a merciless battle with a drug dealer operation that appears to be secretly funded by a rogue arm of the military.
action Wild Geese Screen legends Richard Burton, Roger Moore and Richard Harris star as a team of aging mercenaries hired by a wealthy industrialist for one final mission: Recruit and train a squad of desperate commandos, parachute into an unstable African nation, snatch its deposed President from a maximum security army prison, escape via the military-controlled airport, and massacre anyone who gets in their way.
action Shark Huntress A woman takes up her environmentalist mother's David-and-Goliath battle after a lethal shark attack. As she ventures into remote areas-trailed by a blood-thirsty Great White-stakes rise, the death toll mounts ... and she's out for revenge!
action Muay Thai Warrior Based on a true historic figure during Ayothaya Era, the film depicts the life of Yamada Nagamasa, a Japanese adventurer who gained considerable influence in Thailand and became the governor of Nakhon Si Thammarat province in southern Thailand.
action Fist of Fury A Bruce Lee Classic! Lee plays Chen Zhen, a student of Huo Yuanjia, who fights to defend the honor of the Chinese in the face of foreign aggression, and to bring to justice those responsible for his master's death.
action The VelociPastor After losing his parents, a priest travels to China, where he inherits a mysterious ability that allows him to turn into a dinosaur. At first horrified by this new power, a prostitute convinces him to use it to fight crime. And ninjas.
action F/X Rollie Tyler, a movie special-effects man, accepts $30,000 from the Justice Department's Witness Relocation Program to stage the fake assassination of a mob figure who has agreed to name names. After he successfully fulfills his assignment, Tyler is double-crossed and must use his wits and movie magic to survive.
action Split Second In a flooded dystopian future, Detective Harley Stone hunts a serial killer who murdered his partner and has haunted him ever since. He soon discovers what he is hunting might not be human.
action Waiting for Anya From the author of War Horse, a shepherd-boy risks everything to help smuggle Jewish children into Spain from German-occupied France.
action The Great War During the last days of the Great War, Lt. William Rivers leads a squad of U.S. troopers behind enemy lines to locate a missing platoon of African American "Buffalo" soldiers.
action Made in Chinatown It's Mickey Blue Eyes meets Big Trouble in Little China when a young Chinese nobody sets out to become a Don in the Italian Mafia. But tensions are high between the two cultures already as they move into each other's turf and a dirty crime commissioner is playing both sides. It turns out that earning respect, finding love, and discovering his identity doesn't come so easy.
action Lethal Virus In a post-apocalyptic world where food is scarce and danger is high, a new super virus begins to infect the remaining population and threatens to destroy what's left of humankind. As a special forces group transports a young scientist, their last hope for a cure, to her lab against all odds of survival, they encounter zombie-like creatures who are the newest victims of the super virus.
action WWII: The Long Road Home The Long Walk Home depicts an escaped British POW's epic battle for survival whilst on the run in war-torn Italy, as his wife and young son anxiously await news in England. Shot across five countries and over three years in production.
action 22 Bullets A retired mobster goes on a revenge spree after being left for dead with 22 bullets in his body by his former childhood friend.
action American Soldiers A group of U.S. soldiers defy their country when they release mistreated prisoners.
action Raffles (1939) Man about town and First Class cricketer A.J. Raffles keeps himself solvent with daring robberies. Meeting Gwen from his schooldays and falling in love all over again, he spends the weekend with her parents, Lord and Lady Melrose. A necklace presents an irresistible temptation, but also in attendance is Scotland Yard's finest, finally on the trail.
action The Ash Lad: In Search of the Golden Castle When the King and Queen are poisoned, brothers Per and Pål are arrested as suspects. Younger brother Espen "The Ash Lad" and Princess Kristin set out on a quest to find the mythical Soria Moria castle, said to be built of pure gold and contain the Water of Life, which can cure Kristin's parents. If they fail, it will spell the end for the brothers, the kingdom, and perhaps the entire world.
action Pound of Flesh A man's heroic attempt to help a woman in distress ends up with him waking up the next day without a kidney and plotting his revenge.
action Alley Cat Billie Clark is twenty, smart and pretty. She's also a black belt in karate. When the young woman beats up a gang of thugs trying to steal her tires, they retaliate by murdering her grandparents. She vows to see justice done and avenge their deaths.
action Malice in Wonderland Alice is an American law student in London. Knocked down by a cab, she wakes with amnesia in a world that's a million miles from home - Wonderland.
action The Legend Of Ben Hall After two years on the run, bushranger Ben Hall considers surrendering to the law when his old friend John Gilbert entices him back into the game. Taking on fresh recruit John Dunn, the gang rides again, and before long they become the most wanted men in the country. When they are declared outlaws, the three decide to flee forever.
action Book Of Fire On the eve of her 19th birthday, Nina finds out that she has been cursed since ancient Roman times by Emperor Justinian. She carries a plague that can wipe out the human race. The Book of Fire reveals that Nina can choose to live and infect millions, or avoid the fate by spending eternity in purgatory. She has three days to decide, and so Nina has no choice but to make her own destiny.
action Beyond The Mask The chief mercenary for the British East India Company has made his way to the American Colonies. Working to redeem his name, William now hides behind a mask in hopes of thwarting his former employer.
action Maximum Impact The agents of the Federal Security Service of Russia and the US Secret Service are forced to work together to prevent a full-scale international crisis.
action Black Dawn Trying to determine who seeks to sell a nuclear bomb to Eastern European terrorists, CIA Agent Jonathan Cold's cover gets blown when the weapons dealers catch his former student, beautiful Amanda Hayes. Cold fights to get her out, they go after the bomb, and discover Hayes' boss is involved in the bombing. After vanquishing their enemies, they have to drop off the activated bomb over the ocean.
action Blue Thunder The cop test pilot for an experimental police helicopter learns the sinister implications of the new vehicle.
action The Assignment An American naval officer is recruited for an operation to eliminate his lookalike, the infamous terrorist Carlos The Jackal.
action Avalanche Sharks Mammoth Mountain's annual "Bikini Ski Day" party for spring break takes a horrifying turn when the ghosts of ancient sharks awaken to defend the mountain against tourists and skiers.
action Real American Hero Brian Dennehey plays real-life Tennessee Sheriff Buford Pusser. One day he stops a car driving erratically, and is disgusted when he discovers that two of the teenage occupants are dead and two are permanently blinded because all four of them had drank locally-made moonshine. Buford decides to go on a one-man destructive rampage against the disco-owner and the moonshiner responsible for the teen's misfortunes. Buford also protects aging former prostitute Carrie Todd (North), who just wants to live a normal life in the small town after just being released from prison for murdering her pimp.
action White Tiger Great Patriotic War, early 1940s. After barely surviving a battle with a mysterious, ghostly-white Tiger tank, Red Army Sergeant Ivan Naydenov becomes obsessed with its destruction.
action Hellkat Katrina is a washed-up MMA fighter who must come back to the ring and fight in a tournament to save her son's life. But the tournament is in hell, and she will have to fight her way past man, beasts, and the demons that haunt her from within.
action Kings Go Forth In this riveting war-time drama that packs plenty of explosive excitement and fervent passion, Frank Sinatra and Tony Curtis battle their own prejudices after learning the woman (Natalie Wood) they both love is not exactly who she appears to be.
action Kundo: Age of the Rampant In1859 and the last days of the Joseon Dynasty, where the wages of greed bring poverty and death. A pack of bandits calling themselves KUNDO rise against the tyrants, stealing from the rich and giving to the poor.
action AK Ayyappanum Koshiyum Ayyappanum Koshiyum revolves around the clash between Ayyappan (Biju Menon), a senior police officer who serves at the Attappadi police station and Havildar Koshi (Prithviraj Sukumaran), who comes to the village with a motive. Ayyapan Nair is an upright police officer and Koshiy Kurian is politically well-connected. The twist in the tale occurs when their egos clash, neither willing to give up.
action Shershaah The film Shershaah is a story of a PVC awardee brave Indian soldier- Capt. Vikram Batra, who shot to fame and became a household name during the Kargil War in 1999. His indomitable spirit and his unflinching courage in chasing the Pakistani soldiers out of Indian territory contributed immensely in India finally winning the Kargil War in 1999.
action Kruty 1918 Ukraine, 1918. In an act of bravery, a unit of 300 men, mostly students, gather at the train station of Kruty in an effort to block the advance of a Bolshevik army of 4000 strong. Outnumbered by over 10 - 1, the young men put their very lives on the line in order to protect Kiev from being overrun.
action The Marksman Chechen rebels take over a Russian nuclear plant and it's up to a mysterious agent (Snipes) to stop them.
action 10 to Midnight Charles Bronson plays a tough L.A. cop whose daughter is stalked by a cunning sex-killer in this riveting police thriller that offers a first-rate cast including Wilford Brimley.
action The Evil That Men Do Two soldiers of a powerful Mexican cartel, having lost their link to humanity, spend their time cutting people into little pieces and sending the parts to their enemies. Their lives are changed forever with the arrival of their next victim: a 10 year old girl who is the daughter of a rival cartel boss entangled in a struggle for power.
action 17 Miracles Christian pioneers push their handcarts across the plains in 1857 and are sustained by many miracles.
action A Father's Fight Hitting rock bottom, an aging boxer's rivalry within himself restores his vitality with hopes of retraining to fight for what matters most.
action Sharknado 2: The Second One When a Category 7 hurricane pummels New York, the surging flood waters bring thousands of sharks. To make matters worse, tornadoes soon dot the horizon. As Sharknados tear through the city, no vehicle, building, or national monument is safe.
action Cold Zone Scientist Roger Summers begins investigating bird migrations and stumbles upon several flash-frozen animals in the woods of Alaska. Confused, Roger confronts reclusive environmentalist Tim Hughes whose warnings of severe global freezing were rebuffed by the scientific community.
action Clan of the White Lotus Lo Lieh, Shaw Studios' first international kung-fu film star, also directed this special sequel to Executioners From Shaolin, where heroic Gordon Liu Chia-hui must learn "Embroidery Fist" and acupuncture to counter the evil White Lotus leader's deadly "Weightless Boxing" and "Nerve Centre Shutdown" techniques.
action T-34 In 1944, a courageous group of Russian soldiers manage to escape from German captivity in a half-destroyed, legendary T-34 tank. These were the times of unforgettable bravery, fierce fighting, unbreakable love, and legendary miracles.
action Runaway (1984) In the near future, a police officer specializes in malfunctioning robots. When a robot turns out to have been programmed to kill, he begins to uncover a homicidal plot to create killer robots... and his son becomes a target.
action Sea Gypsies The vessel is Infinity, a 120 ft hand-built gypsy boat, crewed by a band of miscreants. The journey, an 8,000 mile pacific crossing, from New Zealand to Patagonia, with a stop in Antarctica. Unlike all the other boats heading to Antarctica though, Infinity is no well-financed, ice-reinforced super yacht, crewed by well-paid professional sailors, with carefully thought out agendas.
action Little Big Man In the present day, 121-year-old Jack Crabb, the oldest living man in the world and residing in a hospice, recounts his plentiful life story to a curious historian. Among other things, Crabb claims to have had been a captive of the Cheyenne, a gunslinger, an associate of Wild Bill Hickok, a scout for General George Armstrong Custer, and the sole white survivor of the Battle of Little Bighorn.
action Hanover Street In this WWII romance, David Halloran (Harrison Ford) is an American bomber pilot stationed in London. During an air raid, Halloran meets and falls in love with beautiful Briton Margaret Sellinger (Lesley-Anne Down) even though Margaret is married.
action Minuscule: Valley Of The Lost Ants In a peaceful little clearing, the remains of a picnic hastily abandoned spark warfare between two tribes of ants. A bold young ladybug finds himself caught in the middle of the battle. He befriends one of the black ants, Mandible, and helps him save the anthill from the assault of the terrible red ant warriors, led by the fearful Butor. A fantastic journey at ground level...
action Circle NYC underworld quirky gangs, mob bosses, wannabes crumble when women are heartbroken and a pizza delivery guy can't seem to get a break. A series of bizarre events that fate shines at the end. It's unknown, Who is playing who?
action Megiddo: The Omega Code 2 Megiddo is a supernatural ride into a world teetering on the edge of the Apocalypse. It follows the rise of a Machiavellian leader bent on amassing the armies of the world for the battle of Armageddon while calamities of Biblical proportions pummel the Earth.
action The Kid with the Golden Arm Director Chang Cheh reunites the Five Venoms in his second biggest cult hit in the West.  It's Lo Meng's most memorable performances whose showdown with fellow Venom Kuo Chue is artistically violent while being graphically artsy.
action John Lauren's War John Laurens, born into a powerful slave-holding family in South Carolina, as a young, passionate Lt. Colonel, fights the British as a top aide to General Washington, while fighting slavery 90 years before it ended in America.
action Martial Arts of Shaolin Internationally lauded is one of the greatest, martial arts movie masterpiece ever. It teamed up kung fu superstar Jet Li (Romeo Must Die) with legendary director Liu Chia-liang. The result is just spectacular.
action Strike Commando 2 Director Bruno Mattei returns to the Philippine jungles with a higher budget, bigger action and Richard Harris for a crowd-pleaser that shamelessly borrows from APOCALYPSE NOW, RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK, and RAMBO.
action The Angry Red Planet - Original Version Of The Sci-Fi Classic! The first spaceship to Mars, presumed lost, is found & brought to Earth. Only two of the crew are alive. One is unconscious due to an attached alien growth, the other is traumatized, with amnesia. The amnesiac is interrogated into remembering what happened. Those in charge learn of the terrible dangers awaiting anyone venturing into the Martian ecosystem. Mars scenes are tinted red in Cinemagic.
action Flight of the Fury A United States Air Force special ops agent betrayed by his own agency is forced back into active duty when a top secret stealth bomber is hijacked by a dangerous terrorist group in this action-packed tale of international intrigue starring Steven Seagal.
action Just Another Dream When a teenage girl dreams of a terrible crime that ends up taking place, she discovers that her dreams are premonitions of things to come. But when yet another vision threatens the life of her family, no one believes her and it's a mad race against time to uncover clues and take on fate to save the ones she loves...and perhaps even change the past.
action Randolph Scott & Robert Mitchum in Gung Ho! - A WWII Marine Classic 7 weeks after Pearl Harbor, volunteers form the new 2nd Marine Raider Battalion, whose purpose is to raid Japanese-held islands. Men selected come from varied walks of life but have toughness in common. Under command of Randolph Scott, they're trained in all imaginable forms of combat. There first mission: annihilate the much larger Japanese garrison on Makin Island, in a lengthy battle sequence.
action A Deadly Legend Joan Huntar (Kristen Anne Ferraro), a developer, buys property with a dark supernatural history. Construction uncovers an ancient Megalith. Deadly spirits wake and battle for this supernatural gateway. Unable to escape, Joan and family must fight for survival.
action The Legion Mickey Rourke and Bai Ling star in an epic tale of courage in a time of war. When two Roman legions are trapped behind enemy lines, Noreno, a half-Roman soldier, must cross deadly terrain to seek help for his men and turn the tide of the battle.
action Robinson Crusoe Based on Daniel Defoe's immortal classic, Robinson Crusoe, a 17th century man survives a shipwreck and then must carve out a life for himself on a deserted island.
action The Great Train Robbery Sean Connery, Donald Sutherland and Lesley-Anne Down star in this true-life action thriller, based on director/screenwriter Michael Crichton's best-selling novel, about a daring gold heist that shocked Victorian society.
action Survive the Night (4K UHD) Bruce Willis and Chad Michael Murray ("One Tree Hill") must join forces in order to SURVIVE THE NIGHT in this gripping home-invasion thriller about a doctor and his family being held hostage by a wounded gunman and his unhinged brother.
action Once Upon a Time in the Apocalypse In the near future of the Wild West, a civil war has ravaged the US, leaving countless dead and the rest living in lawlessness.
action Heatstroke On a family trip in the African desert, a research scientist unintentionally travels off course and is brutally murdered by an arms dealer. His girlfriend is put to the ultimate survival test as she attempts to evade the killers and protect his teenage daughter.
action Cosmoball Life on earth is desolate after a brutal intergalactic war, brightened only by the dangerous, high-flying sport Cosmoball...but no one knows that at each match, four gifted humans are actually fighting to save humanity
action Blind Fury Nick Parker (Rutger Hauer) is a blind Vietnam vet who was trained by local tribes to enhance his remaining senses and now expertly wields a sword. On his return to the US, he goes to visit an old Army buddy, Frank Devereaux (Terrance O'Quinn), but discovers that he and his family are in danger from a crooked casino boss. Nick must save his friend's son, and evade the henchman in pursuit of them.
action Street Cred Life is a game of survival, when you're surrounded by nothing but wrong, but still trying to do what's right.  Niko and her friends grow up on the South side of Chicago, dealing with the many challenges of today's urban society.  She faces a life changing experience that pushes her to the streets.  And when the streets call, sometimes it's hard not to answer.
action Transpecos For three US Border Patrol agents, the contents of one car reveals a dark secret within their unit that could cost them all their lives. SXSW Grand Jury Award Winner 2016
action The Lost World Undaunted by ridicule from fellow scientists, Professor Challenger leads an expedition to investigate rumored sightings of prehistoric life in the African jungle. Accompanied by a skeptical rival, a thrill-seeking journalist, a wealthy photographer, a stowaway boy and a native girl, the group finds to their amazement that Challenger's claims are true.
action Ragnarok An archaeologist is intrigued by an inscription on a Viking funeral ship. Sigurd believes this is the key to the myth of Ragnarok: the day when heaven and earth are destroyed. Sigurd, his kids and a colleague, set out to uncover the secret Ragnarok.
action Calm Like A Bomb A man whose girlfriend was murdered takes revenge during the course of a single night. A spiral of shocking violence leaves no room for words. A man, his woman, three criminals and the distorted sounds of a city are the only reference.
action The Defender Lance and his team are bodyguards for NSA's head, who is sent by the president to a secret meeting in an empty hotel outside Bucharest. During the meeting, the hotel is attacked. By whom and why?
action Willed To Kill Karyn Mitchell, a homicide Detective with the Boston police department is put on the case of the infamous Hades serial killer alongside her partner - who just happens to be her ex-fiancée. It quickly becomes clear that Hades has a special interest in Karyn and not knowing who to trust, she has to reconcile the ghosts of her childhood in order to stop Hades from claiming his next victim.
action I Passed for White - James Franciscus & Sonya Wilde in the Exploitation Classic A young girl (Sonya Wilde), meets and marries the man of her dreams (James Franciscus). However, she hasn't told him that she is half-black, and he and his rich family and friends are white. All kinds of complications arise as this takes place back in 1960!
action T-34 (Director's Cut) In 1944, a courageous group of Russian soldiers manage to escape from German captivity in a half-destroyed, legendary T-34 tank. These were the times of unforgettable bravery, fierce fighting, unbreakable love, and legendary miracles. This version is the Director's Cut of the film and features additional scenes.
action The Rangers: Bloodstone An elite King's Ranger fueled by vengeance embarks on a journey to save his daughter and village from the forces of darkness.
action Divided We Fall A group of girls from the hood commit a robbery that has their lives spinning out of control.
action Stander The true story of policeman Andre Stander, who began robbing banks in 1970s Johannesburg and led the criminal investigations until he was caught and thrown into prison.
action Minesweeper This is the action-packed story of military men under wartime pressure. Disgraced Naval officer Lt. Houston (Arlen), who had destroyed his live with compulsive gambling, attempts to redeem himself as he signs on, under an assumed name, as a lowly seaman after Pearl Harbor. He single-handedly seeks out and destroys a new type of Japanese mine. Jean Parker plays Arlen's supportive wife, Mary.
action Mazinkaiser SKL A mechanized robotic weapon has been sent into the barren wasteland of Kikaijima, a colossal floating island hanging above Japan. Deadly forces there, once thought dormant, have reawakened and pose a grave threat to Earth.
action American Ninja Michael Dudikoff stars as Joe Armstrong, a one-man fighting machine. Serving in the army to avoid prison, Joe finds himself battling the deadly Black Star Order, as well as corrupt military leaders in order to bring down an illegal arms sale.
action Life With Father - A Restored Color Classic with William Powell & Elizabeth Taylor The story is simple: William Powell and his wife, played by Irene Dunne, face a series of calamities, some serious and some ridiculous, mostly brought on by their four rambunctious, red-headed sons. After a visiting cousin brings along  sixteen-year-old Elizabeth Taylor, events are put into motion which threaten to turn Powell's neatly-ordered world as a father upside down.
action Hard to Get A charming local lothario sets his sights on a beautiful stranger.
action Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return A continuation of one of the world's most popular and beloved fairy tales, Legends of Oz finds Dorothy waking to post-tornado Kansas, only to be whisked back to Oz to try to save her old friends the Scarecrow, the Lion, the Tin Man and Glinda from a devious new villain, the Jester. Wiser the owl, Marshal Mallow, China Princess and Tugg the tugboat join Dorothy on her latest magical journey.
action American Ninja 2: The Confrontation On a remote Caribbean island, Army Ranger Joe Armstrong saves an old friend from the clutches of "The Lion," an evil super-criminal who has kidnapped a local scientist and mass-produced an army of mutant Ninja warriors.
action Crippled Avengers "Godfather of the kung-fu film", Chang Cheh follows his international hit, The Five Venoms with a popular sequel about blind, deaf, footless and child-like kung-fu fighters who brilliantly train to take their revenge - resulting in a totally unbelievable but totally awesome martial arts experience.
action Snow Queen: Fire and Ice After defeating the Snow Queen and King, Gerda goes on a dangerous mission using an ancient artifact, The Stone of Fire and Ice, to restore peace to the land and balance to her family. TV-G
action The Rescue During a big storm, a giant cargo ship was operated in violation of regulations and caught fire. The rescue bureau launched a comprehensive rescue plan. The rescue team while haunted by the shadow caused by past accidents must team up with the ship crew to fight and save the ship. The ruthless climate and the heavy crisis raise the crew's fear of danger and self-denial.
action Knock Off A fashion designer who must join forces with a C.I.A. agent to combat terrorism.
action Call of Heroes A group of villagers must stand up to a warlord's psychopath son, who is protected by a Commander with proficient martial arts skills as well as a small army.
action 10.0 Earthquake Los Angeles is about to be hit by a devastating earthquake, and time is running out to save the city from imminent danger.
action Frankenfish A genetically-altered fish wreaks havoc on a small fishing town.
action Outside The Law A betrayed government agent runs for the border but risks her safety by aiding a couple being harassed by drug smugglers as the agent's pursuers search for her.
action 13 Assassins (English Subtitled) In this thrilling samurai film, 13 warriors join forces to kill an evil tyrant pushing a nation to the brink of war. Facing suicidal odds, they must take on his deadly army in an epic fight to the death.
action The Bumble Nums - Season 4 Humble, Stumble and Grumble are back! This time their adventures are taking them to lots of exciting places. There's riding a shopping cart in Upsidedown Town, swinging on vines in an enchanted forest, surfing in the ocean and trying to capture a colossal cauliflower from an uncharted island!
action Hector and the Search for Happiness Hector, played by Simon Pegg, is an eccentric London psychiatrist in crisis.  His life seems to be going nowhere while his patients just aren't getting any better. One day, he breaks out of his sheltered life to go on a global quest to discover the meaning of happiness - a thrilling, dangerous, and hysterical journey as he tries to answer the ultimate question: does true happiness actually exist?
action Fortress 2: Re-Entry 7 years after the original Fortress movie, Brennick along with the rebels are captured and sent to a new, more sophisticated fortress prison, in outer space.
action K.G.F: Chapter 1 (Hindi) KGF Chapter 1 is a film based on the gold mines that represents absolute power. The film is based on power struggle to rule these fields which eventually becomes one man’s destiny and his final destination.
action Seven Alone America's unclaimed and unexplored land drew thousands to the West, including the Sager family. Traveling with a wagon train, across the frontier from Missouri to Oregon, both parents succumbed to the untamed wilderness - the father from an Indian attack, and mother from pneumonia. The seven Sager children courageously continued the journey their parents began, through the wilderness.
action Once Upon A Time in China Late 1800s Foshan, Guangdong: Wong Fei Hung/Jet Li trains men in martial arts to help defend against foreign powers already holding Hong Kong and Macau. He looks after cute 13th Aunt, who's just returned from England. Lots of fight scenes.
action Agent Revelation When a rejected CIA analyst is exposed to an ancient dust that affords him the ability to communicate with extraterrestrials, he begins working for a secret underground organization to defend Earth against an imminent alien threat.
action The Woodsman What happened to Mauro in the forest during that three day period has remained a mystery until the recent discovery of footage that was likely stolen from a government office in Belize. This is the terrifying story of a man searching for a dream, only to find a living, breathing nightmare. This is the story of Mr. Bosque's ill-fated, final adventure.
action Pearl Life has been rough for Travis. Getting out of rehab, losing his girlfriend, and the death of his mother. Travis is determined to stay on the right path of sobriety. That is, until he meets Pearl. He becomes enamored by her, allowing bad decisions to enter back into his life. Can Travis stay on the right path, or will his new girl friend become a bigger problem than his past addiction.
action She Never Died Lacey, a socially detached loner is cursed with immortality and a never-ending tedium of existence. In her attempts to keep her compulsions in check, she seeks out the darkest souls humanity has to offer. Lacey must now face her own inner demons while simultaneously finding her next meal.
action This Girl Is Badass A bike messenger, hired by competing mob bosses to smuggle goods, finds that her only way out is a confrontation erupting into a battle of bullets, blows and kicks to the face.
action Assassination Snipers. Marksmen. Hired Guns. Double Agents. A group of exiled rebels are planning a hit on an Army Commander in Japanese-occupied Korea, but the only killer for the job is in prison. Now, the Resistance must devise a  jailbreak, escape a hitman...and discover which of them is a traitor.
action The Thieves It's the score of their lives - if they can pull it off. Ten thieves at the top of their game stake out a casino holding a $20M diamond. But between the vault, the cops, and each other, who will walk away with the score of all time?
action Coffy A nurse decides to become vigilante and destroy a local drug kingpin when her sister becomes addicted to heroin.
action Legends of Sleepy Hollow Sleepy Hollow is the home of America's original horror story: the tale of the headless horseman. But horror doesn't just disappear. Now, filmmakers from the area have tackled the new legends of terror in this iconic area.
action Swing Lowe Sweet Chariote "Gritty style that evokes genre greats Boyz N The Hood and Menace II Society..." - Strangers In Cinema ... Chariote Lowe witnesses the tragic murder of her best friend and then finds herself attracted to a drug dealer who introduces her to the streets. Her life begins a slow descent into confusion and violence as she transforms from a promising young adult into a cold-blooded killer.
action Once a Marine ONCE A MARINE (DOCUMENTARY, 2020) Marine combat veterans of the War in Afghanistan battle demons after returning home and discuss what they endured - candidly revealing the unfiltered and corrosive truth about combat, civilian life afterwards, and the psychological toll of fighting in America's longest war.
action Satyameva Jayate 2 Satyameva Jayate 2 revolves around the fight against injustice and misuse of power. From police and politicians to industrialists and a common man, the film will explore corruption in all spheres.
action Max Cloud When teen gamer Sarah finds an "easter egg" and accidentally opens a portal into her favorite side-scroller, she becomes trapped in a notorious intergalactic prison, home to the galaxy's most dangerous villains. To escape, she must finish the game with a little help from her not-so-savvy friend on the outside...or remain a 16-bit character forever.
action Zoo Based on a true story, 12 year old Tom (Art Parkinson) and his misfit friends fight to save Buster the baby elephant during the air raids on Belfast in 1941.
action Shangri-La: Near Extinction Mankind is nearly extinct in this post-apocalyptic creature thriller. Most humans died from a deadly plague and the ice age they manufactured to eradicate it. A man named Vargas leads a group of survivors on a quest to reach Shangri-La, the last safe haven on Earth. However, they must fight through the cold, a mutant cult and a pack of deadly creatures to get there.
action Sardar Udham A young Sardar Udham was left deeply scarred by the Jallianwala Bagh massacre. He escaped into the mountains of Afghanistan, reaching London in1933-34. There, Udham spent the most decisive 6 years of his life, re-igniting the revolution. On 13th March, 1940, 21yrs since carrying the unhealed wound, Udham Singh assassinated Michael O’Dwyer, the man at the helm of affairs in Punjab, April 1919.
action Bell Bottom By the early ‘80s India had already witnessed multiple airplane hijacks. In 1984, the country was made to face another such challenge. BellBottom, a RAW Agent played by Akshay Kumar, sees through the plan and thus begins India's first overseas covert operation. An operation, lead by a forgotten hero, that went on to create one of the most defining moments for India.
action Kesari Based on an incredible true story of the Battle of Saragarhi in which an army of 21 Sikhs fought against 10,000 Afghans in 1897.
action The Missing Lynx A group of animals look for a way off of an eccentric billionaire's own personal Noah's Ark.
action Gary Cooper in "Return To Paradise" - The South Pacific Adventure Classic! A drifter and soldier-of-fortune Mr. Morgan (Gary Cooper) washes up on a Pacific Island that is a small dictatorial state under the puritanic rule of Pastor Corbett (Barry Jones), a missionary. They conflict big time, but Morgan stays on and carves out a cozy life after a lot of confrontations, fighting and more. A Gary Cooper Classic in Technicolor!
action Into Thin Air: Death On Everest The real-life tragic story of a Mount Everest climbing expedition in which eight people lost their lives. Based on the #1 best-selling book Into Thin Air by John Krakauer.
action Dragon Eyes In St. Jude, drug dealers and corrupt cops have destroyed an urban neighborhood. But newcomer, Hong, has the fighting skills and moral vision to save this town from itself.
action Raazi Set in 1971, when the winds of war were blowing between India and Pakistan, Raazi – an adaptation of Harinder Sikka’s novel “Calling Sehmat” – is a true-life story involving a 20 year old Kashmiri girl.
action Cowboy Up Rising rodeo star Ely Braxton is recovering from injuries that almost took his life, but he is determined to follow his father's footsteps as a bullriding champion. His brother, Hank is a rodeo clown; and though the two work closely together in the corral, their friendship becomes threatened when he starts dating a woman that Hank's always had a thing for.
action Wargames (1983) A young computer whiz kid accidentally connects into a top-secret super-computer, which has complete control over the U.S. nuclear arsenal. It challenges him to a game between America and Russia, and he innocently starts the countdown to World War 3. Now the kid has to convince the computer he wanted to play a game and not the real thing.
action Kirikou and the Sorceress (English Dubbed) This animated film exquisitely recounts the tale of tiny Kirikou, born in an African village on which Karaba the Sorceress has placed a terrible curse.
action Journey To The Center of The Earth When eccentric Professor Harlech (F. Murray Abraham) dies in an attempt to pilot a specially designed craft into an erupting volcano, his nephew vows to carry out the effort. He designs a craft for another assault on the hidden world at the center of the Earth.
action Miracle on I-880 A man attempts to rescue people trapped on the I-880 bridge after the top half collapses during the 1989 San Francisco earthquake.
action Ice Spiders A top-secret government facility in the mountains of Utah is creating genetically modified spiders under the direction of Dr. April Sommers. When the monstrous arachnids escape, they threaten to eat up the entire tourist population at the nearby ski resorts. Dr. Sommers must enlist the help of Army Captain Baker and retired Olympic skier Dan Dashiell to stop the disaster.
action Wheely In a world where vehicles are citizens, one underdog cabbie attempts to become king of the road in his hometown, Gasket City. But Wheely, as he is known, soon discovers that staying true to oneself is a greater pursuit than personal glory. When threatened by elitist attitudes and mobster trucks, can one unglamorous local cabbie rise to the challenge and become a global hero?
action The Star World War II, 1944. Based on a novelette of the same by Emmanuil Kazakevich. The Star is a call-sign of a reconnaissance detachment behind enemy lines. Their task: to reveal the German army's plans and find armored troops. At the cost of their lives, the soldiers inform headquarters about a massive, forthcoming attack.
action The Taking of Tiger Mountain Tsui Hark's thrilling adaptation of Qu Bo's beloved adventure novel stars Tony Leung as a ruthless bandit ruling the lands of Northeast China from his fortress on Tiger Mountain.
action Assault on Wall Street Jim is an average New Yorker living a peaceful life with a well paying job and a loving family. Suddenly, everything changes when the economy crashes causing Jim to lose his job, home and wife.  Filled with anger and rage, Jim snaps and goes to extreme lengths to seek revenge for the life taken from him.
action Gleaming The Cube The  interest of Brian,  is his skate-board,  his adoptive brother, a Vietnamese boy, is studious and staid. One day he comes into contact with a fellow countryman, who deals with assistance to the Vietnamese who are fighting against the communist regime. But the drug and food trade hides an arms trade. Discovered the traffic, the boy is killed. Then the brother sets out in search of the killers.
action The Adventurers The world's top thieves join forces to pull off the heist of a lifetime. But when they find themselves pursued across Europe by a renown detective, they'll have to take their game to the next level in this slick, high-stakes action-adventure.
action Fatal Beauty Whoopi Goldberg stars as a witty, street-smart L.A. narcotics cop who goes undercover to investigate a poisoned drug shipment in this explosive, romantic action-comedy. Co-stars Sam Elliott.
action Annie: A Royal Adventure The durable little orphan from the funny papers makes her TV movie debut in this M.O.W.  Daddy Warbucks is called to London to be knighted, so he takes Annie and her pal Hannah with him, along with Dr. Eli Eon and faithful companions the Asp and Punjab.  Little Molly from the orphanage is the girl's stowaway.
action Damascus Under Fire Two Iranian pilots are in a special mission to save the people of a small Syrian city who are surrounded by the terrorists. But they have to face many challenges before manage to accomplish their mission.
action Space Truckers A space trucker and his cute fiancee are on their way from a space station to Earth with an unknown cargo. When space pirates hijack them, 5000 disintegrator robots are found in the cargo.
action De Gaulle May 1940. Charles de Gaulle, newly appointed French General, joins the Government in Paris while his wife and children stay behind. Facing the defeatist attitude of Pétain ready to negotiate with Hitler, de Gaulle has one purpose: continue fighting.
action Red Woods A group of urbex enthusiasts travel to the backwoods of Appalachia to capture footage of abandoned houses, when they unwittingly become the subjects of a much darker video - made by a different kind of "enthusiast".
action Suicide Commandos Set in World War 2 - a British commando squad is tasked with attacking the "secret" German airfield from which German fighters have been attacking bombers which are trying to stop German tanks from reinforcing the D Day defences.
action Instant Death A gang war for drug dominance draws in a disturbed Special Forces veteran John Bradley. The underworld's retribution on his last connection to humanity, a daughter and grandchild leads to a descent of fury and violence.
action Rise of the Footsoldier: The Heist Fresh out of prison, Pat Tate can't stop brooding about the man who had him put away. Soon he's off to find Frank Harris and seek his revenge.
action 100 Kilos The rise and fall of the Freeway Boyz, These group of young men sold millions of dollars of drugs in the streets of South Central Los Angeles, and inadvertently financed a CIA private war in Nicaragua.
action Guns Akimbo A guy relies on his newly acquired gladiator skills to save his ex-girlfriend from kidnappers.
action Little Nemo: Adventures in Slumberland A young boy whose dreams transcend reality is sucked into his own fantasy, which is everything he has dreamed of until he unleashes a century old secret that may not only destroy this perfect dream world but reality itself.
action Dead Trigger Captain Kyle Walker (Dolph Lundgren) leads an elite military team to combat zombies and save the world.
action Joan Collins and Richard Egan in "Esther and the King" - A classical biblical epic! Joan Collins stars as Esther in this melodramatic colorful Biblical story. The setting is Persia in the fourth century B.C., as Esther comes to the attention of the recently widowed King Ahasuerus. Before the King can pair off with Esther and defeat the villainous Haman, there are several intervening adventures and an additional, attractive woman who competes for attention.
action Stalked by My Neighbor Starring Amy Pietz. To recover from a traumatic home invasion, Jodi and her mother moved to suburbia. But when Jodi sees a sinister shadow across the street, she panics. Has her nightmare returned?
action Voyage to the Planet of Prehistoric Women The first expedition to Venus discovers that the planet is inhabited by prehistoric creatures, man-eating plants and a race of beautiful, telepathic women.
action The Organization The dangerous world of international heroin trafficking is exposed in this elaborate and suspenseful crime thriller which reprises Sidney Poitier's role as Lt. Virgil Tibbs.
action Timber the Treasure Dog If adventure has a name and is a dog, it's Timber the Treasure Dog! Timber is an energetic Alaskan Husky who shows up at the doorstep of Mikey Jones, a 12-year-old boy living with his 16-year-old sister, Clair and his father, Emmet at their ranch in Montana. Left to Mikey by his grandpa, Timber arrives just in time because this family needs his help and fast!
action V (Hindi) The showdown between a celebrated cop and a serial killer who challenges the former to nab him, results in consequences laced with heavy-duty action, playful romance and dark humour.
action Max Bishop An out of work hitman finds employment as a janitor at the local elementary school.
action The Lies We Tell But the Secrets We Keep 3 In this third segment of The Lies We Tell trilogy, a dying Bri is on life support fighting for her life while Roni is trying to find Tank to seek revenge.  She eventually then finds Tank and takes matters into her own hands.
action Lake Placid 3 Killer crocodiles and their offspring terrorize residents of a small community.
action Pushpa: The Rise (Tamil) Pushpa Raj (Allu Arjun) a coolie, volunteers to smuggle red sanders, a rare wood that only grows in Andhra, with the help of novel ideas to smuggle the red sanders. Pushpa quickly becomes leader of red sanders smuggling network. While Pushpa is at his prime, a ruthless police officer Bhanwar Singh Shekhawat (Fahadh Faasil) takes charge as SP and ridicules Pushpa for his lineage.
action Valley Uprising In the shady campgrounds of Yosemite, climbers carved out a counterculture of dumpster-diving and wild parties that clashed with the conservative values of the National Park Service. "Valley Uprising" is the riveting, unforgettable tale of this bold rock climbing tradition: half a century of struggle against the laws of gravity and society. Featuring Alex Honnold with narration by Peter Sarsgaard.
action Babysitter Must Die A wealthy family's home is invaded during a game of hide-and-seek by a pack cultists. Josie, the babysitter hides in plain sight prepared and armed with a handful of survival skills. She battles the cult and her fears through a long night of terror. Ultimately good defeats evil and she triumphs, but not before a cruel twist reveals the cult were just foot soldiers for a much greater evil.
action Brothers In Arms A group of outlaws band together to try and take down local business tycoon and town dictator, Driscoll.  He has control of the townsfolk, the banks and the Mayor.  When the outlaws decide to rob his cash stored in the local bank Driscoll hires a group of bounty hunters to try and take the outlaws out.  The outlaws, Sheriff, and townsfolk eventual unite against a common enemy - Driscoll.
action The Porter Brothers Young Sam Porter usually follows his older brother Ned. They ride together, rob banks, and are both wanted dead or alive. One night Sam gets captured by mysterious bounty hunters willing to keep him alive only if he turns his brother in. Treading through the vast landscapes of the American Frontier, Sam will discover the price of redemption and betrayal.
action Original Gangstas A fast-paced action-thriller about adults living in a crime-ridden area. The are tired of being bullied, and take matters into their own hands to rid the town of the criminals.
action Free Ride In search of a better life for her family and desperate to escape her tumultuous relationship, Christina (Anna Paquin) hastily moves to Florida and enters the dangerous world of the high-stakes underground drug scene. She quickly learns that dealing drugs at the height of South Florida's smuggling heyday has its price.
action Future Fear In a distant future, an archeologist on the run from alien attackers takes refuge in ancient ruins and is forced to use primitive technology to fight her way off the planet.
action Beyond the Edge Set in Moscow, Russia, a talented gambler gathers a team of con artists with supernatural powers to win big at a casino. But, their plan unravels when they encounter a stronger mystical rival.
action Fear Humanity clings to hope after a lethal virus forces them to remote regions of the country for survival.
action Maze Based on the incredible true story of the 1983 mass break-out of 38 IRA prisoners from the HMP Maze high security prison, one prisoner engineers the largest European prison escape since World War II.
action 6-Headed Shark Attack What is supposed to be a marriage boot camp on a remote island turns into the ultimate test for survival when a 6-headed shark starts attacking the beach. Trapped with minimal weapons they try to fight off the shark, but quickly discover that no one is safe in the water, or on land.
action Battle of the Eagles Follows the true adventures of the "Partisan Squadron," the courageous airmen known as the "Knights of the Sky" during WWII in Yugoslavia to defend their homeland from the Nazis.
action Hard Luck Two converging story lines involving corrupt cops ripping off drug dealers and serial killers are followed as former drug dealer Lucky, trying to go straight after doing a prison stint, gets entangled within by a series of bad breaks.
action Midnight Stallion A family, about to lose their farm to the bank, finds an unlikely chance to keep it by entering a wild horse in a race.
action Lady Bloodfight Jane, a beautiful but troubled American girl, journeys through the gritty underworld of Hong Kong to The Kumite, an elite all-female fighting competition where the best fighters from around the world battle to the death. As she advances through each round, it's a toss up of which will come first: the title of best female fighter in the world, or death by The Kumite.
action Extracted A scientist invents a technique to enter people's memories deep within their subconscious when their mind is at its most vulnerable state. When he is tasked with entering a convicted criminal's mind to see whether he committed murder, he is faced with his most dangerous and risky memory extraction ever.
action Maharshi Rishi, a millionaire businessman, returns to his homeland, where he becomes the champion of poor and downtrodden farmers. Directed by Vamsi Paidipally, Maharshi features Mahesh Babu and Pooja Hegde in central roles.
action K9 Adventures - Legend of the Lost Gold Kassie Stevenson, her friends and her faithful dog Scoot are given a mysterious pocket watch that holds the secret to uncovering the legendary Garrison's Gold. With two crooks hot on their tails, it's up to the gang to solve the puzzle of the lost treasure. While Scoot helps Kassie search for the gold, Paul Stevenson, Kassie's dad, also unexpectedly stumbles across another treasure: love.
action Cotton Comes to Harlem Ossie Davis makes his directorial debut a smashing success in the trend-setting action crime comedy Cotton Comes To Harlem.
action Missing Mom This multi-award winning documentary shows film director, Rob McCallum and his brother, Chris, a police officer, searching for their Mom who's been missing for almost 25 years. The pair interview reluctant family members, discover distorted truths about their past, and follow a series of cryptic clues from Las Vegas to Canada in a tale that's full of suspense and mystery.
action Enter the Ninja The absorbing martial arts film that exposes Ninjutsu, the lethal, little-known "Art of Invisibility"... which includes the use of hypnotism, explosives and super-human fighting skills.
action 730 A modern day urban tale centered around a young man named Tru, who recently came home from jail and is fighting to stay on the right path for the sake of his son. Not too long after his release, Tru finds himself struggling to be an average man while he battles with his son's mother, the law, and the streets.
action Foxtrot Six A former marine and his friends struggle to save their country from a ruthless party leader.
action Danny Kunthavai, a police inspector, is assigned a tricky murder case. Upon investigation, she sets out to catch a gang of serial killers involved in the murder, with the help of Danny, a police canine.
action Acapulco Gold The Hawaiian island of Kauai is the site of rampant drug smuggling, double-crosses and a deadly struggle for power.
action Perfect Weapon In the not so distant future, society is controlled by the powerful State and a dictator known as the Director. Condor works as a hitman for the State, but a reunion with someone he thought was dead forces him to consider who his enemies really are.
action Annabelle Hooper and the Ghosts of Nantucket Annabelle Hooper is a young mystery writer in search of a story for her future best-selling novel. On a family vacation in Nantucket, she uncovers a 200 year-old mystery that provides Annabelle with the inspiration she's been seeking.
action Transit (2012) The camping trip was meant to reunite the Sidwell family...it's not. When they are hunted and terrorized by violent bank robbers their very survival will depend on working together.
action American Ninja 3: Blood Hunt Martial artist David Bradley takes the reins as Sean Davidson in this third installment of the wildly popular "American Ninja" franchise, teaming up with Steve James to battle a maniacal terrorist in yet another explosive action-packed adventure!
action Meteor Moon When a meteor crashes into the moon and shifts its axis, Earth's gravity pulls the moon into the path of the planet. Now, a group of scientists must figure out how to stop the moon from hitting the earth before it's too late.
action The Green Hornet - A Feature Version Of The Original Serial Faced with rising crime & increased racketeering activity, intrepid newspaper editor Britt Reid becomes the crime fighter the Green Hornet (Gordon Jones, known later as Mike the cop on the Abbott & Costello Show). Donning a disguise, the Hornet & his brilliant Asian inventor/sidekick Kato (Keye Luke, famous as playing Charlie Chan's son, etc.) fight an infamous racket that's menacing their city.
action Big Kill A tenderfoot from Philadelphia, two misfit gamblers on the run, and a deadly preacher have a date with destiny in a boom town gone bust called Big Kill.
action Breakout (1975) Texas bush pilot is hired by wife of a man imprisoned in Mexico on a framed charge that was engineered by his Grandfather, to help him breakout. Nice acting from Sheree North, Randy Quaid, and Alejandro Rey. Jill Ireland plays Robert Duvall's wife.
action Geronimo Chuck Connors stars as the legendary Apache leader in this sweeping 1883 story that has the brave Geronimo steadfastly holding his ground against both U.S. and Mexican military forces.
action Los Angeles "Los Angeles" is the story of Jojo, a young mute who hears God calling her to save the Baby Jesus, so she packs five angels in a shoe shine kit and hits the road with an escaped felon and accidental sidekick named Cash.
action Santa Jaws A young aspiring comic book artist is gifted a mysterious pen that brings his drawing to life. Now his creation, Santa Jaws, begins to devour his family and the remaining must battle for survival against this creature.
action Sarileru Neekevvaru Sarileru Neekevvaru is the story of Ajay Krishna (Mahesh Babu), a superior Army Major who is a player in handling tough tasks across the border. Soon, Ajay moves to Kurnool on a secret mission and he comes to know about a tiff of a family with the antagonist.
action Original Gangster The stoic chronicles of Castor, orphaned as a child, forced to survive in the wild and his colorful journey through the criminal underworld of London.
action Big Man Japan An outrageous portrait of a pathetic but truly unique hero: Daisato, who is entrusted with defending Japan from a host of bizarre monsters by transforming into a stocky, stick-wielding giant several stories high.  But while his predecessors were national heroes, he is an outcast among the citizens he protects.
action Jet Li's Contract Killer Two hitmen, one a novice and the other a veteran with poor luck, band together to find the "King of Killers" for whom there is a large reward.
action The Bear Set in 19th-century British Columbia, The Bear follows the story of a young cub and an adult grizzly as they join forces to survive the perils inherent in their mountain habitat. With each passing obstacle, the two bears further develop a friendship that can only make them stronger - but will it be enough for them to overcome their most deadly enemy?
action Walking Target - A Crime Caper Classic From 1960 Nick a convict, gets out of prison after serving his time for robbery, but no one ever found the stolen money, a quarter million dollars. Everyone's watching him: the police, a mobster, his girlfriend, reporters, hoping to catch him going for the loot. An action and suspense filled caper classic.
action The Prisoner A cop goes undercover to infiltrate a deadly prison where a team of mercernaries is being assembled.
action Thrashin' Two skateboarding gangs battle each other for supremacy, and a member of one gang falls in love with the sister of his rival.
action Field of Lost Shoes Based on a true story of the American Civil War, culminating at the Battle of New Market in May 1864, a group of teenage cadets, sheltered from war at the Virginia Military Institute, must confront the horrors of an adult world when they are called upon to defend the Shenandoah Valley.
action Rangasthalam The story is set in a village called Rangasthalam. Chitti Babu (Ram Charan) happy-go-lucky man who has a hearing disability and he doesn’t let his disability deter him. His brother Kumar Babu (Aadhi Pinisetty) returns from Dubai only to see that nothing in the village has changed. What happens when he decides to go up against the dreaded President garu (Jagapathi Babu) forms the rest of the story.
action The Key to Rebecca In Cairo during World War II, a German Agent tries to infiltrate the British command to lay the groundwork for Erwin Rommel's conquest of Egypt.
action Belle and Sebastian Based on the beloved children's book, this exciting tale set in the picturesque French Alps follows the friendship of a 6-year-old boy and a stray dog who prove to be heroes when they help defend their occupied village from the Nazis.
action Gen-Y Cops After a lethal American attack robot, RS1, is unleashed onto the mean streets of Hong Kong, Asia's funkiest crime-fighting team, the Gen-Y Cops, find themselves on the wrong side of the law. Their latest member, Edison, is accused of stealing RS1, and forced to go on the run. Gen-Y cops Match and Alien must find him before maverick FBI agent Ian Curtis does.
action Odd Squad: Odds and Ends A string of break-ins at headquarters leads to a revelation about Otis’s past that could change the history of Odd Squad...and the world! Then, the agents team up to try to put things right again one last time in this one-hour event.
action When the Sky Falls Jamie is an ozone researcher whose obsession with his career has taken its toll on his family.  He and his new girlfriend join his ex-wife and their kids for the weekend at a cabin, when a deadly lightning storm strikes the region. They will all need to come together to fight for survival, an experience that results in a new appreciation for one another and their family as a whole.
action Akilla's Escape In a crime-noir about the urban child-soldier, Akilla Brown captures a fifteen-year-old Jamaican boy in the aftermath of an armed robbery. Over one grueling night, Akilla confronts a cycle of generational violence he thought he escaped.
action The Protector 2 (English Subtitled) When Boss Suchart is murdered, all evidence points to KHAM (Tony Jaa). Forced to run as he fights to clear his name, he is hunted by not only the police, but Boss Suchart's revengeful twin nieces and LC (RZA), a crime lord with his own agenda.
action Hood When RJ (Matt Singletary) returns home to Chicago after an 8 year tour in the army, he quickly finds that the streets he once knew are now eerily similar to the war torn villages and deserts of the Middle East.
action War (Hindi) An elite shadow unit of R&AW led by agent Kabir (Hrithik Roshan) focusses on maximum risk missions. Khalid (Tiger Shroff), a soldier with a murky past, struggles to get into Kabir’s team and finally manages to convince him of his dedication & loyalty. Now, when Kabir mysteriously goes rogue, Khalid is assigned the task of hunting down his mentor. Can he track him? A deadly war begins.
action Team Hot Wheels, Build the Epic Race In the most epic racing yet, Team Hot Wheels is on a mission to create the greatest racecourse of all time and space...the Mega Race!  Now it's a race against time, as the Team must save the city, rescue the technology, win the race, and fight pirates...all at top speed!
action Saltwater: The Battle For Ramree Island During the last months of WW2, an Allied mission to regain Ramree Island off the coast of Burma ends in horror when a group of soldiers find themselves trapped in dense swampland infested with deadly saltwater crocodiles. Inspired by actual events.
action Mystery Road An indigenous Australian detective goes to the Outback after the murder of an indigenous girl on a remote road and finds no one willing to give clues.
action High Kick Girl A cute high school girl who learns Karate must take on a group of secret fighters with help from her Karate master.
action Furious Road An all-girl gang battle in the streets with a drug cartel in an attempt to secure territory north of Mexico while trying to avoid capture by police, and the vengeful wrath of a local vigilante.
action Marakkar Arab Sagar Ka Sher The movie is a biopic on the real-life character, Kunjali Marakkar who is till date considered one of the greatest naval chiefs of India. An epic tale, set in the late 15th century and early16th century, the film is  based on the fearless seafarer of the Malabar Coast, Kunjali Marakkar.
action Four Enchanted Sisters 4 sisters - 4 elements - 4 magic powers.  Sisters Marina, Flame, and Flora were gifted a magical power on their 9th birthdays. Now that the youngest sister, Sky, received her power, their magical circle is more powerful than ever. When their Aunt Glenda, mistress of the black arts, catches on to their success, she hatches a plan to steal pixiedust from the girls' magical fountain.
action Robert Mitchum & Julie London in "The Wonderful Country" - A Technicolor Western Classic Having fled to Mexico for killing his father's murderer, Martin Brady (Robert Mitchum), travels to Texas to broker a weapons deal for his Mexican boss. Brady breaks a leg and while recuperating, the gun shipment is stolen, and he is expected to make good on it. Complicating matters further the wife (Julie London), of a local army major has designs on him.
action Stagecoach: The Original 1939 John Wayne Classic A stagecoach sets off across the wilderness carrying an assortment of characters whose journey is complicated by an Apache raiding party. Directed by John Ford, this 1939 classic is recognized as one of the most influential films ever made.
action Russian Raid An ex soldier returns to Russia as a mercenary seeking to avenge his fathers death after he was brutally murder in a secret missile factory.
action War (Telugu) An elite shadow unit of RAW led by agent Kabir (Hrithik Roshan) focusses on maximum risk missions. Khalid (Tiger Shroff), a soldier with a murky past, struggles to get into Kabir’s team and finally manages to convince him of his dedication & loyalty. Now, when Kabir mysteriously goes rogue, Khalid is assigned the task of hunting down his mentor. Can he track him? A deadly war begins.
